Chop, chop, Dad! Let's get a move on! The last time I was late for the farmer's market, I got the worst of the squash blossoms.
What?!
Oh, dear lord, give it here.
Two bags of chips, three puddin' cups, and a root beer.
A, this is not a lunch, and B, I fail to see how it took you so long since you did not make anything but simply transferred smaller containers into a larger one. Let's go!
Hi.
Oh...
What's going on?
Well, thank goodness.
Why?! If we had missed your wedding, well it would have just killed me.
Well of course it would. Niles, we've been there through the last ten tortured years of your courtship. How could we not be hurt if we missed the wedding?
That is just wonderful! And you know what? By way of a celebration, please allow me to treat us all to dinner at Couer du Singe. How does that sound, eh?
Well, I'm here too.
Yes, if you'll excuse me, I'm in a rush to get to the farmer's market.
That we do! On your fiery throne presiding over the damned! All right, lets-let's go.
Hey, maybe the judge knows somebody. Hang on a second here. Your honor...
What? What about Mrs. Moon?
I say a lot of things.
It was my pleasure. Dad, don't you have something to add?
No, I was referring to the gift we have for them.
Yes, yes! Dad, give them the gift.
And nota bene, it's been engraved with today's date in order to commemorate your wedding date until your real gift arrives.
Pardon me. I have to go and poke out my mind's eye.
What the hell's going on? You guys already got married.
That's crazy!
Oh, please! All the wine presses in Bordeaux wouldn't crush that woman. Niles, what you and Daphne shared today was utterly unique.
Yes, it was a singular moment. Anyone fooled by a repeat performance would have to be a complete imbecile.
Fine. But I'm not singing "Wonderful World" again.
Oh, dear lord, is that... Donny? Everybody, look at your shoes!
No, no, not at all. Say, is that a drinking fountain over there?
Well, here we go then.
Oh, hey Roz. Can I join you?
Ah... May I have a latté to go, please? And I... I hope that they're paying you extra to wear that.
Ah. Well, as you know my tipping policy stands firmly on the twin pillars of courtesy and efficiency. But today I shall include - – whimsy. Merry Christmas.
Well...
It's Christmas time I say let a thousand antlers bloom.
Oh... oh, Roz.
Roz, if you needed extra cash you should have come to me. I've got plenty of odd chores around the house.
Oh! Well, good for you, yes.
Mmmm... I always found him terrifying - and inquisitorial.
Uh-huh.
I'm sorry I laughed at you, Roz. You should be very proud of yourself.
Oh, right. You know what, I'm going too, I'll walk with you.
Actually Roz, why don't you go ahead? I'm going to get myself a scone.
Oh, hi guys. Good to see you.
Come on in.
Oh, I'm sorry. I've already loaned it to Lawrence Emerson and his mandrel-caroling group.
Oh...
Because then it wouldn't be wassail, it would be punch.
That's very funny. Uh, listen Daphne, uh, I was just wondering, is your mum partial to a traditional Cornwell dressing? You see, I'm thinking it'd go splendidly with the 12-lb. Hungarian goose that I'm serving.
Oh...
Well, uh, as lovely as that sounds--
Uh, well, Niles because it's a little late to be changing things, isn't it? Besides, we've always had Christmas here, it's a tradition.
Yes, but we agreed that when you hosted Thanksgiving, that we would have Christmas here in its traditional setting.
But I've had new stockings loomed for everyone - now there, you see, you've made me spoil the surprise - and did anyone hear that I have ordered a Hungarian goose?!
It's not my date, it's dinner!
Honestly Niles, I'm really quite affronted by this.
You're the churl!
Dad, who do you think said it first?
Alright then dad, you decide where we're having Christmas.
NO!!
Oh, will you shut up!
Roz! Hello.
It's a little on the nose, isn't it?
Anyway, I was at the mall and thought that I'd drop off a donation for the Toy Drive.
No, no, actually this is another “Dancing Santa” for dad. His other one got damaged.
Yes, which damaged it.
What's this? Do I sense a little office romance... here at Santa's Workshop?
And let me guess, he's also a hunk?
Oh, Snowflake. Over here.
Ah, which reminds me. How are things with Mr. Claus, mm?
What's the matter? Low... elf-esteem?
Two days. I almost called you.
What's this? Niles with dad. I knew it!
He's fighting. I'm not fighting.
Because it is just so unfair.
Oh, you wouldn't understand.
Because, it's so egregious.
I don't know. Okay, look, it just seems that Niles is systematically emptying my home. We used to have Thanksgiving dinner there... gone! Daphne... gone! If I let him have Christmas, I'll have nothing left. Just end up some... doddering old bachelor sipping tea and keeping the apartment at a balmy seventy-eight degrees.
Excuse me. I smell skullduggery afoot.
Hey, dad.
New thermos? Niles, I'd have never thought you'd stoop so low.
You are trying to bribe dad to have Christmas at your place!
Yes, yes, alright dad.
Oh, alright!
Excuse me Niles, but I have news for you. Copernicus called and you are not the center of the universe!
Well you were wrong!
Oh, dad, you can't be serious?
Dad, uh, Niles and I would like to apologize. It was untoward of us to... to argue of where to have Christmas.
Uh, thank you dad. So you'll have Christmas with us?
When do you start?
Bye, dad.
I know. He's always the first one under the tree. Mom always said that he was the biggest kid, because he could never wait to open his presents.
Niles. Where is it written that we have to have Christmas at either of our homes?
No, no. What I am saying... is dad has to work. Why can't we bring the holiday to him?
Oh, better yet. What if the gifts were already here?
Okay, here's what I'm thinking.
We take the gifts that are here and put them under the tree at my house. Get the real gifts and bring them here, all unbeknownst to dad.
Can't you just see us casually stopping by on Christmas morning? "Hello, dad. Merry Christmas, oh it's just a shame that you had to spend Chri- Hello? What's this I spy? A present for Martin?”
Well, here's another one. One for Niles. And one for Daphne.
Oh, Niles. It'll be the best Christmas we've ever had!
Oh no, Niles that's your pine rash, you’re too close to the tree.
Dad! What are you doing still sitting there? I told you ten minutes ago that we were going out for Christmas Eve ice cream.
Well, then maybe we should, uh, take Eddie and uh, walk it off. Come on, mister! Let's go!
No, no, no, no.
Listen. Dad’s still here, I couldn't get rid of him. You'll have to come back in an hour.
Alright, what we need is a really good distraction. I'll tell you what. Knock when you think of one.
Nothing. Thought I heard the door knock.
Oh, hello guys. Dad, look who it is. It's Niles and Daphne.
So, what brings you two here?
Niles, did you notice my Christmas village? Would you like to see smoke waft out of the cobbler's chimney?
Just with our luck, we get the only lobby decorator in all of Seattle.
How much time do you think Daphne can buy over dad?
Right!
You see Niles, I told you.
Daphne! No more surprises.
Well, you can blame that on the nog!!
Yes. Only this time we have the merry chance of playing Santa.
Niles, I'm so sorry that we almost ruined Christmas with our arguing.
What?
No, you didn't.
The elevator door?
Great. Now what do we do?
Yes.
What are we...
How the hell should I know?
Yes, yes, I see what you mean, Niles. It's all a matter of perspective.
I knew it! You didn't compliment mine, because you have one too.
Alright, alright. We don't have time for this, now which ones are which?
Are you sure?
Fine. alright, alright.
Yes, now you put those in the elevator. I'll tell Daphne the coast is clear.
Here Daphne, I'll help you find the tape.
Wait, dad! I'll do that. You should just relax.
Niles. So... how are you?
Right.
Dad, uh, what are you doing here?
Sorry, dad.
You know, we could throw a brick through the glass, but they're all wrapped up under our tree.
Nonsense.
Nothing. Just another piece of Cam Winston's mail has found its way into our box. It's been happening a lot since we switched mailboxes. Even after I gave the postman a stern lecture.
Anyway, it was an honest mistake. Cam and I are on all the same mailing lists, and I'm sure mine is in his box. Besides, it's nothing personal, look, it's just an announcement for some place called La Porte d'Argent.
No, no, no, this is not "froufrou," Dad, as evidenced by the manly scent of balsam.
They obviously deal with a very upscale clientele.
Yes?
Poor Niles.
Yes, but that's what's so intriguing, Dad, that there exists an exclusive place in Seattle that neither of us knows about.
It's a machine. It's asking me to enter my six-digit access code. What'll I do?
Oh, denied!
All right, here's our plan. We go to the university computer lab, bribe some hungry hacker, and, once we've tapped into their mainframe, La Porte D'Argent will give up her sweet secret like a blushing bride on her wedding night!
All right, Dad, that's a "Plan B".
Are you accusing me of deception?
Cam! Cam Winston! There you are.
You know, while I was waiting for you, I decided to test the mettle of this young man. I'm pleased to report that he follows the rules of La Porte D'Argent to the letter.
Anyway, I am a guest of Mr. Cam Winston's here. He told me to meet him here, gave me the invitation and here I am.
Niles, it's a day spa!
Would you stop talking like that? That's the worst impersonation of Cam Winston I've ever heard.
Of course not.
Now you're stuck talking like that all day.
Oh, Niles, the arovetic massage sounds splendid: two therapists at once, using hot stones and a blend of essential oils personally created for your dosha.
Oh, Niles, look at this bounty! Take a risk, be a man!
Now that's more like it.
Ooh.
Niles, I just wish you had tried the vusattasen aqua-treatment. I feel as if I'd had a rebirthing experience. I've never felt better in my life.
Hello.
Nirvana.
Nirvana ain't cheap. Well, it's worth it, I suppose. What do you say we make this a standing appointment, Niles?
Yes.
Oh, Niles, this smells great. Try that.
Ah, hence the brittle lashes.
It is! Oh, Niles, this just gets better and better. Balanced skin and social advancement all in one setting. I'm going to go say hello.
Well, we ARE on the list.
This is absurd! I am a member of every exclusive club in this entire town. You must have a reciprocal membership with one of them.
And just how are we supposed to enjoy this!?
And this isn't working!
"Blended for your dosha," indeed! They wouldn't know my dosha if they fell over it!
It was a hell-hole! They had the nerve to call it a day spa, when it's nothing more than a mere front for a bona fide luxury spa which taunts those kept at bay outside its golden door!
It had to be! The door was gold, ours was only silver. Gold is better than silver.
Let's go comb our Rolodexes!
Really? Well, I could use something to balm my wounds. Painful as it is, I've come to accept that I shall never pass through that spa's gold door.
Yes?
What am I looking at?
Yes, yes, all right Roz, that's enough! All right!
Oh, Niles, no good news, I suppose.
Yes!
We saw a senator go in there. A senator! We elected him, he works for us! How is it fair that our employee is admitted while we are shunted off to the icy depths of silver level?!
Although Roz does make a point, Niles. What kind of fantasy are we chasing?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just imagining supermodels with that crook Senator Ogden.
Would you? Absolutely!
Oh, excuse me.
Niles.
I just had a, a color therapy treatment, my eyes haven't readjusted yet. They sent me in here to relax.
Roz was so wrong. Completely wrong. Oh, there. My eyes are better. Oh, Niles, you should see this place.
Well, it's just paradise. From the rare exotic orchids, to the trompe l'oeil sky, to the perfectly bubbled stream, to the...
There's a platinum door.
Yes!
No! It's just brazenly standing there!
Right!
Niles! What are we doing?
This is exactly what Roz said!
Niles, this is heaven, right here and now! Why do we have think about someplace else?
Niles, why can't we be happy? Why must we allow the thought of something that at this point can only be incrementally better ruin what is here and now?
No! I am through chasing the eternal carrot. Whatever is behind that door shall remain behind that door, unseen!
Oh for God's sake, you can't even walk, you ninny! All right, all right, I will go, just to take a peek.
"Please remain... in the relaxation grotto"?
Have crueler words ever been spoken? Well, that's it. I am determined to see where they think I don't belong!
Niles! Healing warmth and light! It must be a magnificent solarium!
Yes! This is where we belong.
Oh dear, Niles. I don't think this is part of the spa!
Hello! Hello! Anyone in the relaxation grotto!
Bees?! Niles! Our sweet and edible facials! Run!
We'll be right back with Julia Wilcox and our new stock market update after this.
Kenny, come on. "Julia" does not rhyme with "moolah."
Oh, they are not, stop it. Isn't it enough that she's getting ten minutes of my show?
Yes, but at what cost? The woman's credibility is questionable.
She wrote a book called Day Trade Your Way Out of Debt. Apparently, some people lost money.
Yes.
Yes, yes. I must say that I enjoyed your work on CNBC. I thought that you were an insightful analyst, and I don't believe that you were treated fairly.
That Roz... Let me put that over there. Hello, Seattle. Welcome back! If you've tuned in for mental health advice with an erudite twist, well then, my show will be back up at the top of the hour. And now, for something new, yet germane, as finances can be the cause of that old bugaboo, stress, here now...
Excuse me. Uh, I was supposed to introduce you.
Well, I was giving you an hospitable segue. You see, I thought that since you're new here, I could lend you my equity, if you will. It was just a courtesy...
Next time, I'll get the coffee.
Hey guys. Oh, Roz, I can't believe you shelled out three dollars to revel in someone else's misfortune.
Well, you can get the same thing on tape for a buck-fifty. Get this: it's read by Martha Stewart! How's that for your double whammy?
Hmm. Truth be told, I actually feel sorry for her. She has suffered a very public fall. She must be carrying all kinds of guilt about the people who lost their savings following her advice. You know, perhaps I should have a talk with her.
What?
What are you talking about?
Oh, Roz, you couldn't be more off the mark.
All right, stop it, both of you!
Hello, Niles.
Oh, we're just discussing a new, rather unpleasant colleague of ours. Be thankful you're self-employed. You don't have to deal with these headaches.
Your spackle allergy again?
Hmmm.
You know what? I think I will go and offer her an olive branch.
Oh, stop it. Knock it off.
Hello, Julia.
Listen, I, uh... I'm sorry the two of us got off to a bit of a frosty start, but, uh, I think that in time we will have a very long and rewarding relationship.
May I tell you a story?
Years ago, I lived in Boston. I was in private practice then and my life was very good. And then my wife left me. I ended up on a ledge, threatening to-to throw myself off if she didn't return to me.
Well, this got on the news, of course, and needless to say, after that, patients were a little hard to come by. So... I just wanted you to know that I too have suffered a very public setback.
Exactly.
Well, if that's how you feel.
Well, actually, I don't call them, they call me.
Well. Good day, then.
Horrible!
Yes, Dad. You have been using that same old joke for the last ten years. So, anyway, I ran into this fan...
So this woman complimented me on my so-called chemistry with that harpy Julia. Have you ever heard anything more preposterous? Good Lord! The woman sneezed once, and I said "Bless you." That has been the extent of our byplay.
I will not even dignify that with a response. Except to say that you couldn't be more wrong.
She is a cold, insufferable know-it-all!
All right, that's it. No more talking about Julia.
It has always been "Julia." That is her name.
Listen, my outrage is completely merited. That woman is deliberately trying to undermine my show from within. I'm sorry to disappoint all of you, but I have absolutely no feelings for that woman except contempt.
I know what you used to say: "They should all be tear-gassed!"
Ah, here you are. Listen... it's time the two of us had it out. Ever since you arrived here, you have been nothing but condescending and dismissive.
There, you did it again.
What are you talking about? It's ten minutes.
No, I will not excuse you. I am reaching out to you here.
As your colleague, I do not deserve to be treated this way.
I will not be belittled by a half-educated, money-grubbing parvenu!
That makes you an insecure fraud!
Harridan!
Shrew!
Are you as turned on as I am?
What? No... No... I thought... I thought that you...
I apologized! I... I...
Hi, guys!
They hate me, don't they?
I know. I have apologized till I'm blue in the face.
Oh, Roz... come on, you know it was just a mistake. What do you think I am, some kind of disgusting Lothario?
How much longer do we have to sit for this nonsense?
I did not assault her. I simply expressed unhappiness that she was taking fifteen minutes from my show. She responded by belittling my profession.
No, look, look! I just misread her... her signals. I thought that her hostility was displaced attraction.
Well, of course it was, that's all there is to you. Ever since you arrived at this station we have reached out to you in friendship and all we've gotten in return is arrogance and unbridled rudeness.
How dare you? At KACL, we are a family. Every person in this room respects one another...
You know, you can act as tough as you want, but I see through you.
You're not in the big leagues anymore. Blame it on the market. Blame it on bad luck. But somewhere in the back of your head is that nagging voice that keeps saying maybe you weren't good enough.
And now that you're here, you won't form relationships, you keep everybody at arm's length, anything to convince yourself that this is just a stop along the way. And above it all, I think you're terrified that you're going to fail here too. Then what do I know? I'm just a Magic Eight Ball with a Harvard... and Oxford degree.
It's forty-five past the hour, which means it's time once again for the woman who... ...is known as Julia Wilcox.
I appreciate that, and in time I believe that we will be able to establish a collegial relationship. However, I think we should both acknowledge the feelings of hostility that remain between us...
Now, see here, I...
Dad? Dad, Dad! What? Are you hiding?
Well, I don't really know. She said she was flying across the country to ask me about something that was important. She's being very mysterious about it.
Well, no. No, Dad, I'm not seeing her until tomorrow.
Oh, Lilith. Hi. Look who's here, Dad.
Please, come on in, Lilith. So, I didn't think I was going to be seeing you 'til tomorrow.
Well, that's wonderful news. How can I help?
I beg your pardon?
Well, you certainly don't need me for that. Surely... someone in Boston must have sperm.
So, just like that we're going to have another baby together.
I see. Well, as enticed as I am by your honeyed words, I'm gonna need some kissin'.
Would we... sleep together?
Is that a "yes" or a "no"?
Right, okay. So, then your plan is for me to visit some local doctor, freeze my essence and then bring it home with you.
I don't know. I'm going to have to think about it.
Okay.
You were eavesdropping?
She completely threw me.
How does one respond to something like that?
Really, it's just so self-centered. I mean, she's got this all figured out for herself without the slightest consideration for my life.
What?
What are you talking about?
Oh, hi, Niles. Did Daphne and her mom get off okay?
Why did they have to go so far?
Well, I'm just saying Daphne's mom should be careful, you know. If you're here on a temporary visa, you know sometimes people have a hard time getting back into the country.
Well, seeing as how you're single, I'd invite you to join me for dinner, but I'm meeting with Lilith tonight on a matter of some delicacy.
Truth be told, Niles, I hadn't ruled it out entirely. It would be nice to have another child. And Lilith is a wonderful mother. It's just that, well, is it right to create a human being with a woman to whom you couldn't stand being married?
Thank you.
What have you got here?
Oh, there's Dad eating that hot dog he dropped in the sand. And you, in your linen beach ensemble.
It's hard to tell, it's too dark and blurry.
Or a slice of pepperoni
Yes, Niles, it's a flying saucer. Mystery solved, well done.
Good lord!
Is it Daphne?
I'm thinking about the linguini.
I'm sorry, Lilith. This was a very difficult decision for me and I am touched and flattered that you came to me, but I'm not sure I'd be doing it for the right reason. You understand, don't you?
Oh, the best.
Lilith, what are you singing?
You were singing "My Dad Is the Gweatest Dad."
That video is one of my prized possessions. Of course I haven't looked at it in some time.
I see what you're doing, you know.
You are attempting to manipulate me by invoking powerful emotional memories.
And I'll have the veal.
Lilith, I'm afraid you're idealizing parenthood. Do you remember colic, teething, changing mountains of diapers?
You know, I'd forgotten that. Oh, I wish we had that on video.
Lilith!
I think about it every day.
Excuse me, I've changed my mind. I've decided that I too will have the basgetti and beatmalls.
Thank you.
Gosh, that coffee smells so good. Lilith won't let me have any caffeine until I've made my little donation.
So, have you heard from Daphne?
I can't believe you're so taken with that blurry, over-exposed photo of a...
Of what you first mistook to be a flying saucer!
Good lord! Don't tell me you carry it around with you.
No, I've been doing this since I was twelve.
You mean baby. No, no, this is our second.
Right.
We're already divorced.
Thank you.
Thanks for that. I was going to think about the plight of the American Indian.
Yes?
Goodbye now.
Lilith! If there is ONE thing I can do BY MYSELF, this is it! Now go away.
What?!
I see. Is there something I can do to increase the likelihood that we won't have a meddling control freak?
I would settle for a method where it won't turn out to be a sarcastic prig!
Fine!
It's your dime.
Oh, dear God. What if this child inherits all of our flaws instead of our strengths? We could create a real nightmare.
Is that what's going on here? Are we trying to create a baby or just trying to recreate the past? I mean, Frederick's almost grown now, it's only natural to feel a sense of loss.
No, Lilith, I know what you're going through. You want to feel needed and loved as you were when you were a new mother. The past can be very seductive. I mean, I've fallen into it too: I'm trying to relive Freddie's childhood. You can't use the past to fill what's missing in the present. It's gone.
But it's not right for me. I'm sorry.
You all right?
I, well, I...
Lilith, what are you going to do now?
Oh, stop that!
Oh, hi Dad. Where are you going?
Sure.
I just dropped her off at the airport. She's disappointed, but she knows that we're doing the right thing.
Thanks, Dad. I just hope she finds what's missing in her life.
Mimsy, wait! Please, I can explain!
Poop! Hell, damn! Oh...
Chef Etienne! Oh, dear God.
Me?! You're the one who suggested that flaming kabobs might lend a festive air.
Why is it that we can't seem to pull off a simple dinner party?
Yes, but this one was bare bones. Simplicity itself.
Ohh....
Oh, Niles, Niles, thank goodness you're here! I am simply percolating with party ideas.
Listen, have you thought of inviting the artist himself? He lives in town, you know.
Oh. That's too bad. Well then, I have come up with the perfect entertainment for our little art crowd. It's a radical tableau vivant troupe.
I don't know. But they do provide smocks and shower caps, so we're covered.
Daphne? Well. Fine, suit yourself. It's your painting. I suppose I could just whip up my signature dish.
Lovely. So you'll be serving those sad brown chunks that make their way from plate to napkin, bypassing mouth completely.
Stuffin'. Lovely.
"Just a guest"! In my brother's home. You know, I've never been just a guest before. Before, I always felt like family.
Oh look! Here she is now: the hostess with the mostest.
Yes. I'm sorry, I won't be attending your debut soiree, Daphne. I hope that doesn't upset your seating plan.
Buffet!
Well, if you should need any help, I think you know my phone number.
Number three. Interesting.
Daphne, you're never gonna get a caterer at this late hour, but don't worry. I think I can solve your little problem. I'll be right there.
As usual, Frasier has to save the day.
Suit up, boys. We're goin' in.
All right. I need a full rundown of the situation.
Ooh.
Oh, lord.
White wine.
I won't lie to you, Daphne. It's bad.
All right, listen. He doesn't have to know. If you just keep him out of my way, I will gladly play your invisible little kitchen elf.
Well, of course, Daphne. Now listen, I have brought everything I need to make my signature pomegranate honey sauce, all right? I will need a ramekin for each of your guests.
Oh, dear. This is bad.
Well, there are two that are mis-matched. It's all right if they're all mis-matched or if in pairs, but two is just unheard of.
Don't worry, I'm right in here.
You know, if he had any resourcefulness at all, he'd know that miniature easels abound at Liliputia Dollhouse and Miniatures.
Dad. Right, listen. I need you to do me a favor. I want you to get me my ramekins, all right? And then bring them here, but come in the back way, so Niles doesn't see you. No, ramekins. Well, they're small, round, ceramic dishes. I keep them in the lower left-hand kitchen cabinet. No, no those are tapes dishes. Right, those are for soy sauce. Oh, honestly Dad, you know sometimes I don't think you listen to me. I said sometimes I don't think you... I said sometimes... I see what you're doing.
All right.
You know, honestly, Daphne, if these interruptions don't stop, my signature sauce will be reduced to a monogram.
I'm using humor to make a point.
Oh, Dad, finally.
Yes, yes, all right, now listen. I need you to run to the grocery store for me and pick up some sel de mar, some olive topinade, balsamic vinegar, and some English Stilton cheese. Have you got that?
All right, fine. I'll write it down.
Dad, hide in there.
Right.
For God's sake. All right, here...
I'm holding him back. Your sauce is better than mine. Honestly, I don't even know why I try. I stand here, slaving over a hot stove and for what? Does anyone appreciate me? No!
If we wait any longer, their skins will wrinkle and my sauce will separate. Is that what you want?
Is that what you want!?
Damn it.
I am saving your party, that's what I'm doing.
Oh really? Well, if that's what you think, then I will gladly take MY signature sauce and go.
And that reminds me. You won't be needing to use my poultry shears.
This is mine!
Fine!
I'm not sorry, you've been asking for this for years!
Daphne, congratulations. You're now officially a Crane.
Ooh, Niles, sorry I'm late. Did you sign us up?
Nine.
Niles, if you're talking about taking that powder that's made from sheep's glands, the answer is never again!
Shh, shh, Niles, Niles, here comes that two-faced braggart Jim Blake. Jim, looking good!
So, you signed up for the tournament?
It's exactly what it looks like. You've teamed up with someone younger and in better shape.
You know, that Jim is bad news. He struts around here in those ridiculous-looking Swedish goggles that everybody thinks are so cool.
You know, I just wish you'd told me sooner instead of waiting until the last minute. Does Jim know you're passive-agressive?
Fine, go, just go, go, go to your new partner. I don't care, who needs you?
Niles...don't forget to wear your wrist brace, you know how easily you sprain.
Oh, yes!
Of course, I remember. I had inserted my dollar bill with Washington's face up as per the diagram and was vended nothing.
Indeed I did. The matter still pends.
Uh, well, I was going to, but, uh, I just found out my, uh, customary partner has made other plans this year.
Well, thanks for the offer, but after what I've just been through, I'm not sure I'm ready to partner up again.
Nice shot, partner!
Here we are. Hello, all! You'll never guess who just won their squash tournament!
Oh, thank you, partner, but I think it's really due to our partnership.
Like there is in "Niles!" So here, Dad. Check it out!
Oh, please, Niles, your partner couldn't be carrying you any more if he put you in a Snugli and strapped you to his stomach.
No, of course not. I'll tell you what. Come use the one in the other room. That'll give you some privacy. After you, my lady.
She is nice, but she's certainly not my girlfriend. I do find her attractive, but I'm not sure I'm anything more than a teammate to her.
Really? She did kiss me once. But I think that was just in an overflow of emotion after one of our victories. You know, I suppose that happens all the time on sports teams.
Well, truth be told, now that there's not the excitement of the tournament to fuel the fires, I don't think we really have much in common in the real world.
I'll walk you out.
Well, I, uh, I certainly had a great time the last few weeks.
Oh, I gave up my dream of professional Squash years ago.
Hi, Daph!
Oh, yes, I just thought I'd stop by for a quick pick-me-up before I pick her up.
You know, she does.
I intend to. Uh, espresso please. You know, every day I learn something new about her. She enjoys reading poetry in the bath. She's an excellent cook. It's like she's the perfect girl for me.
Yes, it's perfectly understandable. We didn't have much luck with gym teachers when we were kids. They were always so derisive and ego-crippling. There was this one in particular, Coach Fuller. He was the worst. The kind of man that would make the whole class wait while you did your pushup. It was so traumatizing, you know, I would actually lose my lunch before gym period. Except on those days when my lunch money was stolen. Then I'd just dry heave.
You know...perhaps getting to know Chelsea will help Niles to exorcise his demons and put them behind him.
You all right?
For God's sake, Roz, I'm a little tired of hearing you complain about Julia all the time. Why don't you just give her a chance?
Listen, the woman took a portion of my show to do her financial drivel. You don't hear me complaining about her all the time. Now enough is enough. Julia...why don't you come and join us?
Well, isn't this nice.
All right, it's come to my attention that there is some tension between the two of you. Now, as it is entirely possible that we will be spending a great deal of time together, I think it's important that we establish an environment of mutual respect. To that end, as it is impossible for the two of you to communicate at all, it's time for me to roll up my sleeves and facilitate. Finding some common ground would be the first step, perhaps a love of plants, the seed...
Fine, fine, all right. If I am you common ground, so be it. Please feel free to tread upon me.
The important thing is that you're talking. Communication...
"Please excuse my daughter Ruby from P.E. She has a 'delibitating' disease." Nice try, Ruby.
It always looked like fun.
Great, great, I thought we'd try this new place. I just...
Yeah, I read a great review of this new restaurant. Apparently the chef is from...
I can't!
I beg your pardon?
Niles, I'll gladly re-team with you.
Oh, my apologies, Niles, it's just that I'm a little distracted about something that happened yesterday at Chelsea's school.
That's cute.
Well, not sure I deserve such praise.
I do try.
Oh, uh, it's very becoming.
What? I'm fine.
I'm really tired.
No.
Oh, no, stop, stop, stop!
Well, it's a little complicated?
Yes, Chelsea, there is. It disturbed me yesterday when I saw you yelling at that little girl on the rope. I couldn't believe how harsh you were. You may not realize it, but that can have a crippling effect on a child.
Yes, well, the way you were shouting, it was hard to tell. When you're a child, all you know is you're being singled out. I have no right to tell you how to do your job, it's my problem, not yours.
Really? You agree with me?
Well, you're worth caring about.
Okay, let me just go get ready. You know, when I heard you shouting at that little girl today, I swear, it just brought back a flood of memories from my own childhood.
Oh, yeah.
You know, my gym teacher was constantly yelling at me because I couldn't do a single pull-up, or a lap around the track.
Oh, please. I was a very late bloomer. I could barely do a jumping jack without getting a nosebleed. And let's not begin to talk about the climbing rope! There we go, all done!
Gosh, it's been such fun talking about psycho-pharmacological solutions to maladaptive personality traits that I can't believe the three hours is almost gone. Up next is the news followed by...
Oh, but Roz is reminding me that next Saturday is the first annual KACL AIDS Bike-A-Thon. It's bound to be an afternoon of family, fun, and lots of surprises, so dust off your velocipedes and I'll see you there.
Well, first and foremost: I am not going.
Yes, Roz, I'm merely getting the rubes into the tent. I will gladly give my money, but spending the afternoon riding bicycles with a bunch of hooligans is not my idea of fun.
Yes, well so was the KACL family picnic at the zoo, until those urchins jostled me into the orangutan grove. Let me tell you: orangutans are not the playful gentlemen of the trees the nature shows claim.
Julia.
All right, stalemate. Well done, well done. Keep moving, come on.
What? Kenny, come on! I was pulling your leg too! I tell you what, we should have a fund raiser for your sense of humor. All right, I'll see you there.
I know.
Oh, sorry for the hold up, guys. Ah, listen, I think it's best if we take separate cars to the flower show. See, later I have to go buy a bicycle.
Well, for me. I've been dragooned into riding for the KACL AIDS Bike-A-Thon.
You had to see that coming.
Uh, Dad, we're leaving now. We're going over to the flower show and after that we're going to a sporting goods store to buy a couple of bikes.
Niles, we can't stall much longer. I mean, one seems as good as the next, is there anything else we need?
Shh! We will learn.
Yes! And if a child of FOUR can ride one, then so can we.
Metal spokes. I like that.
Uh-huh.
Niles, I am not going to look like an idiot at that Bike-A-Thon. Tonight, I am going to a parking lot and come hell or high water, I am going to master cycling. You're welcome to join me.
That's the stuff, brother.
Two bouncy tires and a...taut chain. That's good ridin'.
Just a matter of confidence, Niles.
Yes, well perhaps two people who don't know how to ride bikes shouldn't try to teach each other.
Nor does a good teacher throw a stick at his student!
Oh, you're going to make a hell of a dad!
Let's not panic. We still have two days before the Bike-A-Thon. Surely the library has shelves devoted to this topic.
Well, then you're just going to have to tell her that you don't know how to ride.
Niles...
Niles...
Niles, that wasn't your fault. That jogger should have been wearing a reflective vest. Come on. Come and sit down. I'm going to get you a nice sherry.
Helmet.
Pads.
Cup.
Okay. I think this is going to be all right.
It's that damned sycamore! It's got a magnetic hold on me.
I'm a cloud.
I AM a cloud! I'm flying! Look, I'm riding a bike.
Thanks Dad.
Or cartwheels.
I will, Dad. Thanks. I guess I better go take my place, huh?
Kenny, Julia.
So, have a good ride.
Pretty exciting.
No, not at all. You don't have to feel like you have to keep up.
What did you have in mind?
You're on. And I look forward to watching you write that big fat check.
Right!
I'll be all right. Why don't you guys go ahead. I'll catch up to you.
Oh, lord. Pardon me. Beep beep! Oh, gosh, no. Oh, dear God!
Well, I think we've got time for one last caller. Go ahead, Mindy, I'm listening.
Excuse me, what?
Mindy, we are pressed for time.
And that's our show. What size will Roz order? Will she accesorize? Tune in tomorrow for the exciting conclusion. Good day, Seattle.
Kenny, Kenny, come on, come on. Come and sit down. All right, here. Take a deep breath.
Kenny, um, divorce can be one of life's most difficult transitions. Have you considered seeing a professional once or twice a week?
Well, I'm a psychiatrist. You're comfortable talking to me, aren't you?
No.
I was going to refer you to someone.
Well, I don't know, Roz. Giving psychotherapy to my employer? It's a bit of a gray area, isn't it?
Well, I suppose if you'd like to stop by my place and discuss your feelings informally, there'd be no harm in that.
No, no, that's hardly necessary.
Kenny, don't worry about it, I'll gladly do it for free. What do you say we get together Friday night?
Okay, maybe tonight's better.
Ah.
I see. A controlling, narcissistic father and an overprotective mother. It has all the earmarks of a classic Oedipus complex. Well, well. Old friend, we meet again. Now, let me tell you, your deep-rooted feelings of castration... I'm afraid our time is up.
This has been fascinating. I believe we are finally on the brink of discovering a road into some real insights. I can't tell you, I believe I'm as exhilirated as you are.
Ah, you may not know it, Kenny, but we already are. Now, for out next session, I want you to write a letter telling your father how you feel. Don't send it, just write it.
It's all part of the process. Good night, Kenny.
Dad, how long have you been in there?
Dad, the inability to maintain adult relationships often has its roots in parent-child trauma.
You know, I really can't tell you how exciting it is to roll up my sleeves again and delve into someone's psyche. I don't even know where to begin, although you know, I do think it's particularly salient that the father never showed any interest in the things that were most important to his son.
Oh, hello, you two.
Yes, well, it's for my patient.
Well, just this one for the past three weeks. Very challenging case, too. The man has father issues, any number of neuroses, and a phobia or two.
Yes, yes.
Well, I can't really say, Daphne. You know, doctor-patient confidentiality...
Kenny, have a seat, have a seat. So, uh, how are you feeling?
I can't tell you how gratifying it is to hear that.
Really? You and Dad?
Well, good for you! Of course, the object is not to forget about one's problems. It's to understand them. Of course, that can take a lot of work.
Kenny, I understand it must be painful to uncover what is a very painful past. But I must warn you that if you run away from this now, you will only be repeating a pattern that will prolong your unhappiness.
In these past few sessions, we have uncovered territory that usually takes months to reach! I don't mean to toot my own horn, but I've been on fire!
Dad, can I have a word with you for a second?
Did you tell him that he should go out more?
Well, he is using it as an excuse to quit therapy. After one night out with you in a bar, the man is ready to throw away three weeks of intense analysis!
I am not trying to make him happy. I am trying to cure his depression!
Get the man some water.
Hello.
Yes, we've already met. Kenny, there's no reason to feel awkward. Believe me, I have other things to do with my evening than to share my expertise with someone who could use it. Now if you'll excuse me.
Did you hear that? A suede jacket. I must have missed that lecture at Harvard Medical School.
Leather won't cure your problems, Kenny. It's a temporary high.
Oh, Niles, Daphne, hi, come join me.
Ah, yes, now my ex-Patient X. Actually, I'd like to discuss it with you if you've got a few minutes.
Kenny.
If only it were that complicated, Niles.
Well, it's Dad. He's been taking Kenny to McGinty's every night. He's giving him therapy in the form of beer and fun.
I know! I've got to do something. I-I-I can't just stand by while Dad undermines me.
Just thought maybe the three of us could have a little chat.
Ah. Delighted I'm sure.
Well, if you think you're ready for that.
Likewise, I'm sure. Have a great time! He's doomed.
Oh, Dad, please, he is not ready for a relationship. How could you let him do something like this?
You know what, all you're doing is allowing him to wallow in his state of denial. And what if she rejects him, hmm? The man already has abandonment issues.
What did you just say?
No, before that. You said "psychological mumbo-jumbo." So that's how you characterize my life's work?
Oh, really? So tell me, Dr. Party-Hearty-Marty. Who, in your expert opinion does need therapy?
Hitler?
Hitler. And Sybil. Anyone else?
Great! An entire science devoted to Hitler and Sybil. Do you believe that...that Niles and I have been wasting our lives? Do you think Mom wasted her life?
I'm just trying to get to the root of his problems.
And you know what I think? I think I'm finished listening to you! All right, fine, maybe I did enjoy it. Look, it's what I was trained to do, it's what I love to do, and I still think I was doing Kenny some good.
And what's that supposed to mean?
Oh, right, right. Well, I've thought about that.
You know, perhaps I could start seeing people a couple of nights a week. I could even convert Daphne's old room into an office.
Are you all right?
Well, Kenny, I'll tell you what. Whenever you're ready, okay? For the time being, why don't you let a couple of buddies get you a beer, okay?
Oh, could you get it, Niles, please? They're so small they make me feel like I'm some sort of fairy tale giant.
Well, I thought we might serve a house-cured gravlax with crème fraiche and a sprig of dill.
For your information, Niles, people happen to like it.
Oh, honestly.
They haven't had any in ages. This is just what we need to make our soiree soignée. Whoa. Good heavens. It's $100 an ounce.
Well, isn't that rather a lot to pay?
He means the caviar market, you ninny.
How do we know this isn't some sort of scam?
You really must try this, Niles.
Maybe, but how can we be sure that you are not Russian mafia yourself?
It'll be here, Niles, I gave Roz explicit instructions.
Niles, I am, as you know, an excellent judge of character. And in Petyr, I saw an honest, hard-working fisherman.
What? I don't want him knowing where I live!
Very funny, Roz, come on. Give me that. All right, let's have a look.
Oh! Niles!
Well, Roz, a lot of things can affect caviar. Where did you have it?
Mm-hmm.
Yes.
Invited guests. I'm sorry, Roz.
Thank you for your help. See you later.
Oh, hi, Dad.
Where he... fittingly had all of his teeth knocked out...?
Niles, what are you doing?
Yes, well, it would be, Niles, if the Michaelses weren't equally enamored of it and dangling an invitation to a yacht party.
Niles, why don't we just call Petyr and order some more caviar? That way we can satisfy both Sinclair and the Michaels.
You know, Niles, this caviar connection could really open some doors for us, hmm?
All right, give it here. You just push "O," and you'll get an operator. Little trick I learned. Another menu, hmm. Sometimes it's a star. All right, maybe "1" will get me back to a main menu. Ah. Here you go.
No, but if I remember my high school Spanish correctly, you just qualified for a small-business loan.
Right.
Right.
Hmm, ten?
Yes, well, for ten he should. You know, for eight, the Ashworths gave me the use of their box on the opera's opening night gala.
Sleep is for people without social lives.
I promised her a cut, you see, I was so busy at work taking orders I needed her help.
Yes, Roz, welcome to caviar.
Oh, Petyr, hello!
Hmm, what?
What-what are you saying, that there's no more caviar?
But this isn't nearly enough!
Petyr, please, just one more delivery!
Petyr! Dear God! We're ruined, Niles. We owe people all over town.
Roz, Roz, I'm terribly sorry. It seems our supplier is going out of business, and every ounce of this is spoken for.
Yes, good girl. All right, Niles, we can't panic. I think I may have a plan.
We may have to bite the bullet and buy retail.
Not if we cut it with what's left of the good stuff.
There’s...
Roz!!
Well, what else can we do? Excuse me. Do you happen to know where we can get five pounds of Beluga caviar?
All right, just give me a chance to think, Niles. Ah... What was the name of the boat...
This isn't Trivial Pursuit. Let me finish! What was the name of the boat that Petyr said he sailed on?
Right! Niles, if we can find that boat, perhaps we can get enough caviar to solve our problem.
Roz?
You're looking for more caviar, aren't you?
That was ours! You know, Roz, I think you may have a little problem.
Now, Roz, you know you don't mean that. Now, come on. Listen. It's just possible that we may be able to get some more from our old supplier.
Roz, Roz, it's all right.
Oh, my God!
Oh, dear God! Oh, dear God! Oh, dear God! Oh, dear God!
No, Niles, you can't hide it! They're U.S. Customs. That's what they do! They find things on ships!
Can I get you a toast point? Oh, here, for God's sakes.
It's not ours. We found it.
I was afraid we were going to get arrested.
I don't know. We got caught up in a nefarious scheme. And for what? A visit to a wine country estate?
Dinner at the governor's mansion?
How much of this do you think we can salvage?
Uh, Ronnie, if I may...
I took just enough, Roz. It's not my fault I'm not licensed to use a plug-in tool.
I see Dad's been showing you the act.
Hmm. Darn. This drawer isn't closing properly. I'd better go get my tools and have a look at it.
Niles, please. I built a house. I think I can handle a simple drawer. You know, it's probably the slidey thing. Or the drawer may have become warped. If that's the case, then she's going to need to be planed, sanded, and refitted.
I paid good money for an upright stapler.
Oh, Roz, hey, come and join me. I'm in a bit of a pickle. I--I'm not sure the Grants are the right family for our house.
The Grants--the people who moved into the house we built.
Just a few times, yes, to try to share with them the principles of decor, room flow, general livability. Then they literally showed me the door. Yes, Roz, the very door I hung for them in the first place. Take a moment to digest the irony.
Yes, but I helped to build it.
Oh, I know I didn't do much. The truth is I've never really been very handy. In elementary school, I made an ashtray for my dad. It caught fire.
Oh, Lord. Well, maybe I owe them an apology, Roz, I mean the last thing I want Marge and Chet to think of me is that I'm some sort of snob. Did I tell you they have a cow mailbox at the end of their driveway?
Well, sure, that's Wisconsin. The buckle on the bumpkin belt.
Oh, hi, Daph.
Thanks for coming along with me, Roz. I'm not sure they'd open the door if it was just me.
When the phone company says they will be at your door between the hours of nine and noon, they have entered into a verbal contract. If they show up at 12:47 they are in breach of said contract.
Well, I just shouldn't have waited for them, that's all. Now my entire day is thrown off.
Yes, well, when you informed me you had to get to the promenade shops posthaste, I assumed it was an actual emergency - not to return a cage for some silly lovebirds.
Dear God... don't tell me you actually named them after yourselves.
Trust me. No one is more birdly than Niles.
What is with all this traffic? I tell you, don't these people have jobs? Some of us have a radio show to do!
That can't be right. Oh, Dear God! My show's on in fifteen minutes!
I'm afraid I'll have to. Damn it! Dad did this. I tell you, he gets in here, he wants to hear his favorite radio station and starts pushing buttons like a lab rat on amphetamines!
Excuse me, we've changed our minds. We won't be parking.
No, you see, we just came in for a second and decided not to park. Just check the time on the ticket.
Forgive me, perhaps I'm not being clear. You see, I mistakenly pulled in here, decided not to park, and now I'd like to just get out.
Put that away!
Oh, really? It just so happens that I have a few policies of my own, and one of them is that I do not pay good money for nothing!
That's not parking!
But it's been continually in motion!
But it's still running.
Is that so? Do you hear that?
Fine. Have it your way.
If I'm going to be paying for parking, we are going to get our twenty minutes' worth.
If they weren't so shortsighted, they'd see that I'm doing this for their own good. It's like correcting people's grammer - I don't do it to be popular.
Niles, they can get around us if they want to. So what, it takes them an extra two seconds!
Niles, you'll get home to your stupid, filthy bird soon enough!
Right.
Just stall. I don't know, read some fan mail if you have to. There must be! Check in my Inbox! Oh, never mind! I'll be there when I get there, and when I do, I will have a little speech for my listeners about the Power of One!
Are you being snide? Because that's not healthy.
Niles! You shut that door! You can't desert me in the middle a fight!
It would appear to others that you are, thereby weakening my position. Please, you must stay.
I'm glad you asked me that question. I am making a stand against this garage that holds me, my passenger, and my automobile hostage for a parking fee which I do not owe.
Look, I already told you, it's not about the money. In fact, to prove it's not about the money, I will donate two dollars to the charity of your choice.
My income, and the style of car which I drive, are irrelevant! Isn't that so, Niles?
Oh! You see, Niles, this happens so often they actually have a name for us.
Well, I'm certainly not going to send you a check.
Niles, I refuse to sign anything that says I am unable to pay! It's untrue!
You know my terms: you will receive your money when the twenty minutes is up.
No, no, you can't do that!
Don't you call me that! You put that down right now, we're not going anywhere!
Excuse me. What are you talking about?
I AM NOT IN A BAD MOOD! Oh fine, just go! And bravo for staying on a whole ten minutes! Goodbye!
Don't these people realize I'm on their side?
I'm doing this for all of you! Don't you understand?
I'm not afraid.
People, please! I am not the enemy! I am your champion!
But I'm doing this for all of us!
If you could only see things from my point of view, then I'm sure you'd agree with me! You see, I pulled into this garage, decided not to park, and now I want to leave, but they still insist on collecting two dollars! Is that fair? Has a service been provided?
Ah! But is it? I say no! I say we've been trod upon long enough by people who are supposed to be providing our services! By the postmen who mix up our deliveries! By the telephone repairmen who swear to be there between nine and noon, and yet arrive at-
-12:47, when you're wearing nothing but a towel and a hatful of shampoo! Well, ENOUGH! I invoke my right to peaceful protest! Civil disobedience is a cornerstone of this country, for it is how the common man is heard!
Well, that's just tough luck! Because we ain't budging.
GO AHEAD! I think I made a mistake.
I'm not sure that I can. I am right, after all. My principles are holding me captive.
My rigidity? The rigid ones are the ones who operate this garage, and enforce such inflexible policies.
Yes, but that's not the point! They have to know why I won't pay.
Do you really think so?
Well... that's quite an indictment. I never really thought of myself as uncompromising. Well, not in a bad way. I'm not sure I like this side myself.
Yes, but then these taunting motorists won't know that I'm being the bigger person. They'll think they've gotten the better of me, or that I'm afraid to be arrested.
Damn! I DO want to be the bigger person, it's just so hard! You know, we wouldn't be in this mess if it weren't for you and that ridiculous birdcage!
Oh, come on, I can only change one character flaw at a time!
I could break my pattern.
I could just pay the money, without proving to everyone that I'm right, without teaching them a lesson.
Sir? I'll have you know, I am leaving, with time to spare.
Since you cannot understand the moral code for which I stayed here, I am sure you must be perplexed that I am leaving before the twenty minutes is up. Suffice it to say, I am the bigger man for it. And you, and your nefarious policy may now carry on, in what is highway robbery in the truest sense of the expression! Here is your ticket, and... your ill-gotten two dollars.
Four dollars?!
But I already backed down!
Indeed... hold on, Niles.
It's all right, Roz. I'll take care of everything.
Yes, well I'll bet you do, Jerry! Dr. Frasier Crane here, Seattle. I'm sorry I'm late. It sounds as if Roz has informed you of my exploits!
Well, it wasn't my finest hour. Let's just say that I got in there, realized I made a mistake, and then tried like hell to get out!
There was a lot of shouting, and then a line started to form behind me. Fortunately, my brother was with me for moral support, and, well, let's face it, somebody to talk to. You know, you'd be amazed how long twenty minutes can be when you're watching the clock. At least, in the end, I got out of there without paying the four dollars!
Which not only helps in the healing process, but also provides one with the confidence to go forward, in spite of the fear this kind of trauma can cause. Honestly, I can't say enough about these medicated bandage strips. But thank you for asking, Jordan.
Up next is the stock market report with Julia Wilcox.
Hello, Avery. Impeccable timing.
Yes, hello. Oh, careful, careful. Paper cut.
Ah. Oh, Roz, come meet an old friend of mine. Avery McManus, this is Roz Doyle, my producer.
Avery and I used to live across the hall from each other back at Oxford, now he lives in Seattle. A very accomplished accountant who's going to take me on as a client.
Roz, he's married. I tell you what: I'll be back in about an hour to go over this month's "Best of".
Well that's impossible. I'm very prudent.
Gosh, you know, I've completely forgotten myself. How is Amanda? I don't believe I've seen her since the wedding.
My listeners are not pathetic losers.
Yes, and do you know what they call someone who can't stand your work?
She was supposed to say "What?" and I was going to say "Me." Oh, come on, let's get out of here.
Fine, fine. Uh, why are all these lights on? All right, I'll be honest with you. Avery had some very stern warnings for me. The situation isn't dire, but it could become serious if I don't change my ways.
Oh, that was one time! And if you'd seen that cashier's fingernails, you'd have done the same thing. All right, the point is I have to come up with a plan. A plan... Perhaps a ruminative latte will do me some good at Nervosa.
Yes, well I'm waiting for the cups!
Besides, Nervosa is more to me than just a place for coffee. It's my refuge, my sanctuary for contemplation. Oh! Oh, I've just had a cost-saving idea! Daphne, you're family now and yet I still pay you full price for Dad's therapy.
All right, I'll keep thinking. Off I go!
Yes, of course it is, of course it is. He's the professional. Thanks so much, Niles, that's really quite helpful. I feel better now. Excuse me, change my shortbread order to tart tatin. One for my brother, please, a la mode.
I quite agree! I am sorry, young man. If we wanted to hear your music, we would attend one of your concerts. In the bus station.
The what?
Well, yes, as a matter of fact there is. This man is making it impossible for me to converse with my brother.
Ah. I understand. You two are friends. Perhaps you used to "gig" together in your salad days. But if you wish to alter the atmosphere of this cafe, I suggest you consult with the owner.
Oh really. Well, I'm Frasier Crane, it's a pleasure.
Really? Well, I happen to be one of your core customers, Ms. Nervosa. In of fact, I spend over three thousand dollars a year here, which I just found out today.
Really? Well you know, I, I would think about that. Although we do adore your establishment, if there is one thing we can find in Seattle it is another coffee shop.
Now, I don't relish the idea of asking you this, but I'm afraid you will have to choose. Either...
I see. Well, farewell, Nervosa. It's been a splendid decade, but I'm afraid your brew has become a bit too bold for my brother and me. Come, Niles, let's go.
My name is Frasier, this is my brother Niles. We're thinking of making this our regular haunt.
We'll have two espressos, please. I'm sorry, and your name is?
Stephen. Outstanding.
Steve. I look forward to years of this sort of lively banter.
Now, Niles, let's try to be positive, this may be out new home.
Yes, this will do nicely. This will be our regular table. And that will be our backup regular table.
Oh, perhaps we should keep looking.
Hello, Julia.
This is my brother Niles. Niles, I'd like you to meet my colleague, Julia Wilcox.
Well, sadly, no more. They've hired a terribly annoying folk singer, whose hideous noise making has made it impossible for me to enjoy my one sanctuary.
Steve, I'm afraid we'll be taking these to go, thank you.
I don't like her cafe anymore. Let's go.
Oh, thank you, Steve. I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but I'm afraid my brother and I will not be the everyday stalwarts I predicted we would be.
You know, Avery was always a bit of a playboy, but honestly I thought marriage would settle him down. I should just tell Julia that he's married. But then again, she's been so rude to me, why should I do something nice for her? But then again, can I just sit idly by and keep my mouth shut?
No, but I know he has one. I was at the wedding. Dad, you see I'm facing a perplexing dilemma, here. Some guidance would be welcome.
That was very helpful. I guess I'll just do what I always do: sort through this myself.
All right, I'm off to Nervosa. No. I'm off to that...other place where young Steve works. No. That's Avery and Julia's place. Well, I hope you're both satisfied, now I don't know where the hell I'm going!
I'm hashing over an ethical dilemma, so I think I could use some black coffee.
Uh, I've got a lot to ponder, so I think a large.
I see. Uh, do you happen to know what size would correspond to a Nervosa grande?
Ah, ah, all right. I know that their colossal is comparable to a Nervosa grande, so the semi-colossal would be three quarters of a colossal, so the mucho and the semi-colossal would be equivalent... so I should have the mucho macho. But only fill it five-eighths.
No. Can we just move this along, please?
Than what's the point?
Put in whatever code you wish. Here we are. Now, I'd just like a cup of coffee and a quiet place to drink it.
Niles!
Don't you run, you coward!
I had no place else to go.
More than you could possibly know.
Oh, lord, I'm gonna need that to go.
Excuse me, excuse me.
What happened?
In the song, what happened?
Yes, we know that part. What next?
Right, and then?
Yes, yes, but the end. How did it end?
Avery, we need to talk.
I'm sorry, it can't wait. I know about you and Julia Wilcox.
Oh, stop that! You are a married man. I realize this may be fun and games to you, but she could get hurt.
And why the hell not?
I had no idea. I didn't mean for you to overhear...
You do?
Well, I'm sorry. I thought I was helping you.
Yes, as a matter of fact I am. I'm also finished thinking that you and I owe each other the loyalty of professional kinship. From this day forward we are merely coworkers, cut and dried. And as for you, I am deducting my mileage here as a business expense.
When does the alleged music start?
Really? Why?
Well, well. That's quite a sharp looking three piece cage. What happened?
For here. I'm staying.
Whatever.
Say, Julia, wait.
Didn't you used to be on the board of the Pelham Bay Bank?
Dad, why aren't you dressed? It's four in the afternoon.
That's what you always do.
What's the problem?
Well, he can't do that. Why don't you file a complaint?
I see. Is this woman really so repulsive that you're willing to sacrifice all your nights just to avoid a date with her?
Some years back we found ourselves running into each other at seminars and conferences. He's an excellent therapist. We had a bit of a clash over ethics.
Not MY ethics, his. The man bilked me out of two hundred dollars in a card game.
Yes, yes, there is one eye, but the other eye is there by implication! Therefore, the hand should have been a do-over. And you can ask Niles about this too! As far as I'm concerned, the man owes me two hundred dollars.
Dad, exactly how old is this book of one-liners?
Roz, I really hadn't planned on seeing him.
I most certainly am not jealous. The man happens to owe me two hundred dollars.
Yes, and I'd be like "Fine. My money, sir."
Well, all right, all right.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, hi, Daph.
Yes, the picture is gotten, thank you.
I see. Well I hope the two of you will understand if, in future, I choose to knit scarves only for myself.
Yes, I know, it's all in good fun. Oh, Niles, I just remembered, I...
Excuse me?
Roz, please! At least attempt to be cool. Phil, Phil!
Most assuredly.
I'm fine, I'm fine. How's Robin?
Congratulations.
Well, we've been divorced now for ten years.
Oh, thank you, thanks.
Oh, huge. Thank you.
And a station in St. Paul... has agreed to let me send them a tape.
Oh, indeed they were. Although... sometimes the fun and games were lacking in fun.
Well, it's the principle of the thing! I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, why don't we just discuss it over dinner?
Bebe?
And she used to be mine.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, Bebe. However did you land Dr. Phil?
Donkey basketball?
Well, congratulations.
She used to be my phony.
Dad, do you think I did the right thing, changing agents? I mean, the one I have now is fine, but after I've seen what Bebe's done for Phil, I can't help wondering if maybe I've denied myself access to a wider world.
Dad, are you all right?
Dad, you have got to stop with the graveyard shifts or you're going to start seeing apparitions.
What, you don't like the sun?
Oh, Bebe.
Oh, I didn't realize there was so much.
Now, now there's no need to take that tone, things have certainly worked out okay for you, wouldn't you say?
Oh, Bebe, you know very well I only changed agents because you were ignoring me in favor of another client.
Agreed. We accomplished too much together to stop being friends now.
Yes I have. But it cannot be. Can it?
No, I'm no siren, I'm a man. A man with ambitions.
I understand. But what about me?
Perhaps. But here's my theory: Bebe's had a thing for me for years. This, coupled with the fact that control is an aphrodisiac for her, it's not surprising to find that she hopes to parlay her advantage into a sexual conquest.
It's not gonna come to that. It's all about the dance. It's all about the possibility of sex, the promise that's never delivered that keeps them tantalized. One only needs to know how not to cross the line.
Yes, that's how I know where the line is. I almost feel sorry for her. Just another helpless woman suffering from an unslakable thirst for...
Faust was a moron. I'm gonna be a star!
Hi, Daph.
How did you know it was me?
Indeed. Well, I see Phil has landed you in the lap of luxury.
Is it Madrigal Madness already? I had no idea it was this close to Whitsun.
I suppose a drop wouldn't hurt. So, you give any thought to taking me on again?
Wonderful.
You want more than ten percent?
Gosh, Bebe. I'm terribly flattered, it's just that, uh...
You seduced ME!
I'm not going to say that you're not a beautiful woman, but is it wise for us to jump into a relationship?
I, I like to think of it more as influence, really, but...
Is that running water I hear?
You know, if it's silk the steam could damage it.
Gosh, I better open a window.
Well, if you want comfortable, how about that sweater ensemble I saw you in this morning.
Bebe...
But... at what cost?
I CAN'T!
Bebe, shouldn't you be in Los Angeles with Dr Phil?
I don't understand.
Are you saying you'll have me back?
Well, that's wonderful.
Well, as will Dr. Frasier. I've just got one very difficult call to make to my agent.
Great, great! You got me more money?
Oh, thank you, Bebe, thank you so much. I'll call you tomorrow.
Gosh, Roz, isn't that great news? I feel as if a weight has been lifted from me. Oh, it's marvelous!
Big picture! The future is firmly in front of me!
Yes, but not firmly!
What is this? St. Osric's Pre-Kindergartener Academy and Day Care Center? Do I hear the pitter-patter of petite elite feet?
Very wise, Niles. You know, Lilith and I waited until Frederick was conceived before we enrolled him in private school.
Oh, Niles, guess who's coming to visit? Leland Barton.
No, that's Barton Leland. Leland Barton was Mom's research assistant. They worked together closely for years.
Oh, that's right. We were just boys when he moved to France. Apparently he gave up psychiatry and immersed himself in the Paris art world. Today he sits on the board of the Paris Museum of Modern Art.
Just like Dr. Barton you bade farewell to the comforts of hearth and home and filled your sails with the winds of change and adventure.
Hello, Roz.
Is that why you people have pets? To get dates?
Well, meet me! Four years of high school and not a single encounter generated! Stupid fish.
Oh, that'll be Leland.
Dr. Barton.
Good to see you.
Let me take that for you.
No, this is my producer Roz Doyle. My brother's not here.
Please, Roz, stay if you like. Can I get anybody a drink?
Oh, I think I can scare up a glass. Roz?
Here we are. Welcome back to Seattle.
There we are.
Oh, thank you. It's an Andalusian Amontillado I'm rather fond of.
Oh, my brother and I have always had a taste for it.
I'm sorry about that.
I don't really know. He used to do that to me. But I'll tell you what, just don't get in a staring contest with him, that's what he wants.
Oh, that's because while most Ashanti statues are intended to ward off evil spirits, this one was designed to distract me while my pockets were picked at the Kinshasa Airport.
It is an exact replica of the one in her Paris atelier. You know, not many people even notice it.
Oh, I would love to hear that story.
Please.
Oh, Roz, do you mind if we join you?
No, let's just sit down.
Oh, you know, there is a wonderful Brassai exhibit in town. What do you say we stop over there after lunch?
Oh, certainly, let's go get our coffee at the museum.
Dad, Roz, any chance you'd like to take in some Parisian photos taken by an old Romanian master?
Oh, thank you very much. Here you go, "Dad."
Oh, I'm afraid my stomach is still churning. I'm not going to be able to make dinner.
Well, when I can't give an opinion you may as well call the coroner, tag my toe, I'm dead.
Oh, that was wonderful. Read me another.
Oh, Dad.
Oh, well, not so good, actually. I'm afraid I'm going to have to skip dinner. Why don't you go in my place?
All right. You know, the two of you should get going, really. You'll miss the reservation.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Dad, it's all taken care of. Leland's going to bring me some consomme and sorbet.
I know the kings of England and I quote the fights historical, From Marathon to Waterloo in order categorical.
Oh, excuse me.
Leland, your cab is waiting.
Well, I think we’ve got time for one last caller. Roz, who have we got?
Well, I suppose I’ll be fielding this last one myself. Let’s try line two. Go ahead, caller, your name and problem, please.
Okay, Ernie. Uh, very often when people have feelings towards their pets it often reflect feelings they have about themselves and their place in society. So tell me, why are you angry at your dog?
Would you hold on, Ernie? Um, someone will come on the line with the number of an expert in this sort of situation. Let’s try, uh, line four.
Well, the news is up next, followed by the market update with Julia Wilcox. That’s it for me today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane saying, good day and good mental health.
Did you even listen?
Roz, what’s going on?
Well... that’s great, but I didn’t even know you were looking.
Well, gosh, Roz, I, I must say I’ve got some mixed feelings about this. I mean, I couldn’t be happier that you’re finally getting the recognition you deserve, but I’m gonna miss you.
Oh, I...
Well, you’re being uncharacteristically decent today. You all right?
Oh. Gosh, uh, what happened?
Well, I’m sorry. I realize you must be going through...
I was just trying to help. No need to insult my callers.
Oh, excuse me...
Hi, Daph.
Gosh, I’ve never seen this place so crowded. What’s the occasion?
So, is Niles going to be joining us?
Oh, yes, yes, of course, I’d forgotten. He asked me to take him, but then I suggested that when it comes to guns, perhaps he would prefer someone of Niles’s... caliber. I’m in rare form today.
Excuse me.
Is everything okay?
Software program?
It’s good.
I did no such thing!
Just a second, just a second, just sit down. Sit down, please. Take a moment to calm down before you make any rash decisions.
All right, well, if you insist, then perhaps I should go with you. Maybe I can help facilitate things.
Nothing! Surely you can conceive of the possibility that someone might want to just do something nice for you?
Of course not! You’re not being rational, you know. Perhaps Avery is just holding your program hostage because he feels hurt. Perhaps this is his clumsy way of trying to initiate a dialogue.
Yes, I do.
Well... I see a woman who’s been hurt, not once but many times. A woman who finds it so difficult to trust someone, she won’t allow herself to be vulnerable. A woman... whose eyes are going to get stuck if she keeps rolling them like that!
I was looking for street parking. Do you have any idea how much this garage charges?
Oh, great, it cost me three-fifty to find that out.
What do you mean?
Wh-wh-what? That is breaking and entering!
Well, I’m-I’m not scared! I...
I’ll have you know I’ve had my fair share of escapades. Back in med school I once dressed a cadaver in cap and gown and...
Julia, I-I-I beg you to rethink this. I realize you’re angry at Avery-
There’s somebody at the door!
Julia, there’s still time to end this.
Look, you know that what you’re doing is wrong. You should just get out now before more harm is done.
You’re going to get caught.
It’s never too late to do the right thing. No matter how low someone else sinks, joining them there does not make things better.
What was that?
You kissed me.
Oh, no. I’ve been kissed to shut me up before. This was not that.
That’s because you know you did the wrong thing.
Well... dear lord, what-what happened, Roz?
What are the odds?
Oh, I’m surprised you even remember him.
So what’s the problem?
Well, of course you are, Roz. I mean, come on, don’t doubt yourself. Listen, they’re the ones that called you, right?
You go down there and you get that job. You’re going to make a great program director.
Of course I do. Even though... I wish you could stay with me forever. I’m going to miss you so much, Roz.
Seems to me you’ve impressed him already.
Julia—
Listen, Julia, Julia, I’ve been dying to talk to you all week long about what happened in Avery’s office. Obviously something is going on, and I have several hypotheses. It could be displaced passion, frustration from a failed relationship, or an adrenaline-induced action as a result of stress we were both suffering from...
Hi, guys.
Dad, if you had any perspicacity whatsoever, you would know that this expression is merely ruminative perplexity.
It’s nothing serious. I’ll work it out.
Good Lord, Niles, are you still going down there? I thought you hated guns.
Well, I’m not sure I’d fit in with a bunch of trigger-happy gun nuts.
A gun show? What’s next, square dancing?
I just don’t understand how this sort of thing can happen. Don’t you look at faces?
Oh, congratulations, Roz. I’m so proud of you. Now can I tell you how much I’m going to miss you?
I know, I know.
See you, Roz.
Julia! Julia! Julia!
All right. Listen, you can try to avoid me all you like. We are going to talk this thing out.
Well, you know, I... I am flattered, but there are a lot genuine people out there. It’s just that for whatever reason – fear, anger, hurt - they’re afraid to show it...
Could I possibly irritate you over dinner some night?
Take your time, work things out. I’m not going anywhere. I realize that you’re in a vulnerable place right now, and that...
Oh, I recognize that one. That was to shut me up.
Kenny, this is not amateur hour. My show is already suffering enough just losing Roz. I will not let you replace her with a complete novice.
Are we still talking about Noel?
Yeah. Good afternoon, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Before we get to our first call, I'd like to remind you that we are losing our beloved producer, Roz Doyle in a couple of weeks to another career opportunity.
In the meantime, we have with us today Noel Shempsky, a KACL employee whose sole qualification for this job seems to be that he has never taken a sick day.
Go ahead, Glen, I'm listening.
Thank you, Roz, now that Seattle knows how we do things around here, perhaps you could let Noel know to keep his elbow off the mic button.
Oh, Roz, do you realize this is the last time we'll do paperwork together?
I think they're looking for a wider audience than just you, Dad.
Well, here it is, Roz, the final parking requisition form. The end of an era. Listen, I know that Kenny is giving you a going- away dinner, but I wanted to have a little celebratory dinner, just the two of us, all right? Any night you're free.
Well, actually I'm-I'm meeting Julia later.
Well, we've sort of been seeing each other lately.
Now, Roz, if you took the time to get to know her, you'd see that she's really not such a bad person.
No. I think she's been misjudged. Sure, she's got a lot of walls up, but there must be something good inside if it needs that much protection.
Yes, Roz, your opinion has been noted.
Thank you, Roz.
All right, shut up.
It's not a roast, Bulldog.
Noel! Come on. Walk it off, Noel, walk it off.
Hear, hear.
Well said, well said. Roz...I celebrate your new adventure with you, but I wouldn't be honest if I didn't say that this is a big loss for me. You were there on my first day at KACL, and you took me under your wing.
I don't think I'll ever grow accustomed to seeing somebody else in your booth. And certainly noone else can ever take your place in our hearts. And while we welcome new friends......we are sad to say good-bye to old ones. Good luck, Roz.
Oh, hi guys!
Hi, Roz!
What's going on, Roz? I didn't expect to see you tonight.
Well, absolutely, that's what I do.
Look, I know you two have your difficulties.
I think I see what's going on here. You and I have a close relationship. A new woman comes to the radio station. She and I form a close relationship, and you feel threatened.
Did it ever occur to you that maybe she's putting on an act for everybody else, and that maybe I see her as she really is?
Roz, you have no right to come over here and run her down to me. It's really none of your business.
And why?
Yes, and frankly, I don't understand that! Why exactly did you turn down that job?
Loyalty to me? Are you sure? Are you sure it wasn't just fear? Are you sure you're not just using me as an excuse not to grow and move on?
You will not put me in this position, Roz. We will discuss it later!
Thank you, Julia, I think I will have some cake.
Good morning.
Um, no thanks. Coffee will be fine. Hi, Daph, uh, listen. I could use an objective opinion. I am running for condo board president, and I want to know what you think of this as a slogan: "Frasier Crane--The People's Elixir."
Please, Dad, this is serious! I have a feeling this could be my year.
Yes, I do, but this year, I am the only one running against the incumbent, which means the people will rally their inchoate yearnings for change behind my banner.
That's just because I have a Type-A, hands-on, get-it-done personality.
Elixir! Well, I suppose you're right. I haven't really established myself as the neighborly sort. I thought that my term as fire safety captain might do the trick, but...I guess I drilled them once too often.
I beg your pardon? Say, I've got an idea. Dad, why don't you just run?
Well, because then the people would get their regular guy, but he would have my political agenda.
Yes, exactly, but of course Dad would be conscious, presumably.
If you were like everyone else, you wouldn't know any history. So, Dad, what do you think?
Oh, come on, Dad. Think of the neighbors. Think of the building, the good we could do together. We can actually achieve the dream of luxury apartment living that our founders intended. Plus, I'll do all the work.
All right, you do this for me, I'll make sure that gets done.
Absolutely...Mr. President!
Now I think I should still run against you.
Well, if I drop out just as you announce your candidacy, people might suspect something's up. It's better that our political legerdemain remain sub rosa, hmm? How would a normal person say that, Dad?
This is going to be sweet.
Which brings me to my final opponent. Martin Crane. Now we're all aware that he is a decorated war hero and a much-honored police officer, but does he have the building's interests at heart? Maybe. I simply ask that you stack up his 45 years of experience against my term as fire safety captain. Thank you. And God bless Elliot Bay Towers.
Dream? Or court-ordered community service?
Yes, plus, I would automatically be president now.
Hmm, are you forgetting 1998?
He wasn't dead he was in a coma. How was I supposed to compete with that?
Yes! I got two votes!
Yes, he is doing a hell of a job, isn't he? Oh, listen, what did you think of the new plants in the lobby? Dad was particularly pleased with how they complimented the filigree in the sconces.
Yes, I suppose the best man did win. Bye-bye. Another satisfied constituent.
Hello.
You see, Dad. They love what you're doing for the building! Of course, the sting of losing was quite painful. But it's worth it, if we can have a laundry room that takes us into the 21st Century.
Well, you know, public-spiritedness is the Crane code.
Is this going to be a problem?
I think we need to reach a little understanding. If someone asks you a question, you look at me. If I scratch my nose, it means "No." You get it? They both begin with the same two letters: "N-O." Now if I touch my eye, it means "aye," as in "yes."
Dad?
That is not how this is supposed to work.
Yes, wider parking spaces, but I have five years of ideas here to implement first!
Look, even if I could fast-track it, there are feasability studies to be done. There's, um, a committee review, and then there's a bidding process. You can't just hire some guy with a can of paint.
Well that is why you're not in charge. Now, here's your agenda for the next meeting. Make sure you follow it to the letter!
Dad, I sense you're chafing under the cruel yoke of public service. Remember, we must subordinate our own wishes for the good of the building! And that is not one of our hand signals!
I volunteer. And I would like to explore the idea of putting a patio on the roof.
Uh, query?
Wasn't there, uh, something else you wanted to bring up?
Are you sure? I-I could have sworn I heard the president say something about a-a new ventilation system.
No, you haven't! I'm certain if you simply consult the agenda which you so painstakingly prepared, you will find that there is one last item.
Are you sure it's not a ventilation system?
Nay!
Query!
My pleasure, Mr. President.
Hello.
You went back on our agreement. I'm the one who's supposed to call the shots around here.
Well, well, well. The puppet thinks he's a real boy. I don't think you have the skills for this job.
So do I, but these boobs and nincompoops are too stupid to see it!
They wouldn't love you so much if it weren't for my ideas!
Would you stop doing that?
Spanish. But I don't have time to prove it. I've got to go confront Evita Perón at the condo board meeting tonight.
Yes.
Well, he was, until he started to think for himself. He's so damn popular everybody else just follows along. It's like the blind leading the blind.
But it will not stand! As soon as he calls for new business tonight, I am going to leap to my feet and expose him for the power-mad dictator that he's become. Mm-mmm. Then I'll take over.
Why?!
Why do I even talk to you people?
Not now!
Noted.
Yes! Yes! Yes! It's time you people understood the real kind of pres...
People! People! If you'd just let him talk, he could explain. My father is currently in negotiations with a salvage company to remove the old boiler room, which would give us the extra spaces we need.
My father has already discussed with the building next door sharing their parking spaces. Isn't that right, Dad?
Dad.
Well thank you, Dad, that's very kind of you.
Dad!
Right behind you, Dad.
That's right, isn't it? Well. It's not the way I would have liked it, but bylaws are bylaws. So as your president, I would like to quote a man who understands the language of the people!
Well, it's official. Once again, there is no room for me at the Yo-Yo Ma Orchestral Fantasy Camp. Hello.
Oh, yes, of course. So how are you enjoying Seattle?
Oh, none taken. So you like London?
How so?
Ah, Firenze. How is she?
You mean three hundred years ago?
Ah. Well, you know, I'm afraid I have to bail on this conversation, I have a show to prepare for. Roz, when are we doing those promos? This evening?
Hi, Kenny.
Yes.
Really? Well, that is quite an honor. I don't think we've ever won one of those.
So you won one.
Honestly, Kenny, when are you going to unpack those boxes? Isn't Four years enough time to make that office your own?
So that's why you haven't unpacked. You know, all this time, I've been using you on my radio show as an example of procrastination. I had no idea you were just living in fear.
Kenny, there's no such thing as a healthy superstition.
Look at this place. Dad, I don't believe you've thrown out a single paper since Daphne moved in with Niles.
Really? I count three snack plates around your chair, all of them on tabletops.
All right, what's it gonna take for you to start doing your share of the work around here?
You'll really take care of all the floors if I handle the garbage?
Okay. Okay, you got a deal, Mister.
Hi, Daph.
Your game is deep.
Daphne, you don't have to do that.
No, no.
No! I find her cousin Jen just a bit judgmental for my taste. Yesterday she told me my show was bourgeois. I pointed out that anything that had mass appeal could be said to be bourgeois. She then said that my argument was bourgeois. Which I found to be jejeune.
Hi, Roz.
Well, Jen, good to see you again. So, how was our night out, girls?
Excuse me, The Zoo?
Roz, is that glitter in your hair?
You see what I mean about her.
Coming up next, This Day in Psychological History. After the news.
It's not over Roz, this is just a break.
Say there, Jen, did you have a chance to explore that art gallery I suggested?
They're landscapes.
Really?
Well... a bust of Freud. Well, that's really quite thoughtful you.
I like to think that Freud's theories will withstand the test time.
Excuse me, young lady...
Yes, for once you are right, for a disquisition is indeed at hand. And may I suggest you roll your eyes back into the forward position, as I may actually employ some visual aids. Now, our story begins with a young Greek woman of the name Clytemnestra...
All right, that girl is really getting under my skin. When is she leaving?
Oh, come on, Roz, she's running you ragged.
Well, sure, at twenty you can do anything.
That's attractive.
When Freud's genius has OBVIOUSLY influenced every psychiatrist on the planet...
I haven't forgotten about you, callers. Stay tuned, won't you?
I hadn't noticed.
Daphne, would you get that?
Uh-oh.
We didn't ask her to do anything.
I'm sorry, Niles, you're right. Maybe we took advantage.
We really should help him.
He is not.
Forget money. Let's wager something real.
You're on!
And so for our final hour today, I'd like to focus on First-time callers only. We've heard a lot of familiar voices this week and I'd like to shake it up...
Our next caller is Stu, from Madrona. Go ahead, Stu, I'm listening.
Okay, Stu, how old are you?
Now, Roz...
Thanks for your call, Stu, let's go to traffic.
That's all right, Roz. I thought your speech was courageous. And Who knows? Even if it went right past Stu, maybe it reached somebody else out there on the Frasier Crane Radio Network.
For the record, I knew immediately it was not my car. Mine has a bumper sticker on it that says, “I AM PRO OPERA AND I VOTE!”
I admit nothing. That is the last we shall discuss of it, we have a show to do.
Good afternoon, Seattle, and welcome to the Halloween edition of the Dr. Frasier Crane Show. Today we will be discussing the topic... of fears. Are they irrational hindrances, or evolutionary tools? Hmmm... the surprising answer, after these words.
My car! Ohhhh, no - my caaar! What did they do to you?! Oh, my bay-beee...!
Good morning, Roz. May I join you?
Yes, well, I had a little time to think about it, and I’ve decided to put Bulldog’s prank behind me...
I’m not finished! - by visiting upon him a prank that is ten times more dastardly. Look at this.
Precisely. I will tie a red balloon to the antenna Bulldog’s car every time his precious Seahawks-
-lose a game. Over time, the conditioned response will become ingrained in his psyche. Eventually, the mere sight of a red balloon-
-will bring about in him an inexplicable sense...
...of loss. Check-and-mate!
That’s the point. Well, of course, I could go with any one your basic pranks - hand in warm water, and whatnot - believe me, I have an intimate knowledge of all of them. But what I’m looking for is something unmistakably ME. A signature prank, if you will.
What, at my expense?
“Dark, musty archives”... I think I could use that!
Hello, Niles.
I’m devising the ultimate prank, to get my revenge on Bulldog.
You know, I think she has the right attitude. If I expect Bulldog to leave me alone, I’ve got to show him that he’s dealing with a superior intellect.
I’m sure Da Vinci’s early notes were full of laughs too! Excuse me, I have devising to do!
Everyone, hold please.
Zombie Number Two, what are you doing?
I see. Is that what zombies do, they scare people?
Wrong. They eat brains, and THAT’S what scares people. Now, look, this is our dress rehearsal, let's please try to get this right. Bulldog comes in, he hears noises, zombies go after his brain, and his terror is caught on videotape for us all to enjoy at a later date. Now, let’s try this again. First marks, please.
Dad, you said you would help me with this.
Whatever gave you that idea? Todd, I am getting “dead” from you. But I am not getting “undead.”
Let’s try this then. After rehearsal, I want each of you to write a paragraph detailing who your character was when he or she was alive, how they died, and why they’re now after Bulldog’s brain.
Honestly, Roz, you know, you haven't given me much to work with here. These are the worst actors I’ve ever seen.
Why is it that whenever Bulldog pulls off a practical joke, you all applaud him, as if he’d won some sort of bowl or cup or other sports dish? But when I ask you to give up a single Sunday, all I get is complaints?
Like when?
A lot of people bring rakes!
What is that supposed to mean?
Are you saying that you think I can’t pull this off?
But I’ve worked this out to the last detail, nothing can go wrong!
You, sir... are released!
And you as well!
I’ll pull this thing off by myself, proving you don’t know what you’re talking about! I don’t need any of you!
Wait, zombies, I do need you! But no one else! I’ll show all of you! You mark my words, tomorrow night I get my revenge!
Ah, good, the effects machine’s working again. All right, everyone, back to your first marks.
Todd, take off that baseball cap. You’re undead, not uncouth.
All right, everyone, step lively, look sharp. It’s almost showtime. Give me a final room tone check, please, and... take your marks.
Well... hello. You’ve come to watch me fail, I suppose.
Maybe I don’t want you here.
You abandon me in my hour of need, now you’re here to revel in my success, just like in Boswell's “Life of Johnson.”
It was something-I-read.
All right, apology accepted. You may observe - in silence. Make yourselves comfortable.
And prepare to witness a man brought to the very edge madness!
Kenny, what was the condition of my letting you watch?
There he is. Cue creaking noise one...
Cue creaking noise two.
Now, let the horror begin...
Yes! How do you like that, ya big baby!
OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! CALL 9-1-1, CALL 9-1-1!
Stop! Stop! It was all a joke! Oh my God, what have I done?!
Are you insane?! Call an ambulance!
What is going on here?
What?
That isn’t funny, I could have had a heart attack!
Well, at least nobody was hurt. You bested me, Bulldog, again!
What?
Roz, get the first aid kit out of the closet!
Quiet, quiet, everybody! Hello? Yes, I’d like to report... THE GREATEST PRACTICAL JOKE EVER! You’d better send a fire truck, because you guys just got BURNED! AH-HA-HA-HA- HA-HA-HAAAAAA!
Likewise, Bulldog.
Sure thing, Todd. You’ve come a long way in a short time, young man.
Admit it, Roz, can I pull off a practical joke, or what?
The other day, after you two left, I got to thinking maybe my joke was aimed at the wrong target. That’s when Bulldog and I joined forces!
That’s exactly what you were supposed to think!
Thank you, Dad. What do you say we all go upstairs and watch the tape, huh?
All right, you guys go ahead. Bulldog?
Technically, I still owe you one
You’re right.
Kenny.
He did?
Yes. I wasn't aware that you two had met.
Yeah. From whom?
Hmm.
Hmm.
I think he'd like that. Thanks, Kenny.
Hey, Roz.
Yes, apparently the people of Washington state have made quite an impression on him.
I can hardly think about it without choking up. This is my son, Roz. The little bald candy man that used to fit right here in the crook of my arm.
Not at all, Roz. It's a faith that espouses love, compassion, duty, education, and art. All values which I cherish. And though I have played a relatively small role in his spiritual development, he has honored me by asking that I say a few words. And in the spirit of the occasion, I'm going to try to learn it in Hebrew.
Hi, Noel.
Great. I mean that sarcastically, of course, Noel. Great! You're not coming, terrific!
Not learn it, I'm saving that pleasure for retirement. But I have composed a speech and I-I'd like to say it in Hebrew.
You can, really, oh, Noel, thank you!
Certainly, whatever you'd like.
Noel, isn't this something you could do yourself?
Noel, don't you have any friends that could do this for you?
I see. Well, then, consider it done.
Now, be sure to keep it in this acid-free covering until the actual signing, and if you must handle it, use these cotton gloves.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll try to pace myself.
Noel! How did you know I would do it?
Well, you must have known I would do this for you, or you wouldn't be carrying around a picture of Scott Bakula, right?
Dear God, the old flash-and-wind!
That wasn't the camera's fault, Dad. That bloodless skin has confounded even the most experienced photographer.
Please, Niles.
Hmm?
Oh, are you serious, Niles? Lunch with a Dada master! Oh, I'd love to come! But I can't. I have other plans. I promised Noel Shempsky I'd do a favor for him and I've got to remain true to my word. Although perhaps I could go to the show, leave the luncheon early and still fulfill my commitment.
Yeah, you're right, Niles. There. You know, it was at a Fritzenheim show in Boston where Freddie first said the word "Dada." I remember swelling with pride thinking that perhaps he was an art history savant, but of course Lilith deflated my enthusiasm by pointing out that he was probably just referring to me.
Oh, splendid.
Well, he's... still just a boy. He's only thirteen.
Well, I suppose it's a bittersweet experience for her. I can't really say for sure. You know, she's always been rather guarded with her emotions.
I'm sure you have, Mr. Been-There-Done-That.
In a complete drunken stupor...
Oh no, drinking definitely took the edge off.
I certainly wouldn't count Anamari Hanratty at the Natural History Museum.
I said I wouldn't count her. I mean, they just made out.
It was for charity! But it doesn't really matter, I mean, the woman makes out with everyone. You see, she's not really the kind of person that you'd...
Hi, Noel.
Yes indeed, I am, I'm looking forward to it. Uh, listen, Noel, I'm afraid I have some bad news about the, uh, science fiction convention.
Long story short, you see, I attended an art opening and a luncheon on Saturday, and even though I left the luncheon early the traffic on the way to the convention was just awful and by the time I got there, Mr. Bakula and all the others had gone.
It's not really such a big deal is it, Noel?
Noel, try to remem... clan? No, never mind, never mind! Noel, surely you realize that Star Trek is just a TV show.
You're angry, so I'm going to ignore that. But with all due respect, Noel, perhaps weaning yourself off science fiction might be the first step toward achieving a genuine, meaningful, grownup person's life! Just a friendly suggestion.
Thank you, Noel. So, you'll still be my tutor?
Good man. Thank you. I'll see you tomorrow.
It'll be all right.
Thank you. I'll keep this short.
Pookh lod wih le koo. Hach jahj cho-koov-moakh leng-lidge loo-Teb-jahj leng widge-vahd bel rahp shoave dah-nobe-poo- boagh. Shabbat shalom.
Well, it's-it's a blessing for my son, "Pookh Lod Wih Le Koo."
What?
Oh, dear God!
I'm terribly sorry. I... I... will you excuse me, please?
Oh, I think I did. I've been trying to console myself with the idea that without embarrassing parents, there'd be no psychology. Poor kid.
He is, isn't he?
Frederick, uh, listen, I-I'm-I want to apologize. Uh, there was this guy at the radio station. He was going to teach me Hebrew...
Really? I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am.
So you liked it?
Yeah, I know.
Check.
Check.
Again, check.
Well, over the years Daphne's managed to scour her way into our hearts, so to speak. And I just don't want to hire someone who's only in it for the money.
Of course, Gil.
Say, uh, Gil, are you pleased with your housekeeper?
Mm-hmm.
Very funny. Do you suppose that your Man Friday might be available on a Monday or a Tuesday?
No, no. Not steal him, just, just borrow him for a day or two a week until I can re-staff.
Well, I have nothing to hide.
I would refuse to believe him.
Oh, he is not! You're just saying that because you don't want to help me out!
Thank you for coming, Mrs. Wilkins. Of course, we have several other candidates to interview, but I'll be sure to let you know by the twelfth.
...of Never! Honestly, I'm beginning to wonder if we'll ever find anyone that meets our standards.
Now let's see, who is our front runner thus far?
Honestly, Dad, I am starting to get the slightest bit chaffed with your attitude. You haven't even graded any of the candidates, you've simply doodled a war plane dropping bombs on a soldier.
Well, then why is he wearing a helmet?
Yes?
I had you down for over an hour ago.
Thank you. Won't you be seated. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, this is my father Martin Crane and this is my sister-in-law Daphne Crane. Now, I'll get right to the interview. First question: What is the best way to combat rings on a wooden table?
The best way is to provide coasters. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Daphne, she's right.
Well, we're getting just a bit ahead of ourselves. We still have several people to meet.
Thank you for coming by.
Well, it was really more of a pre-screening. We'll be sure to let you know.
Fine, then I'll be sure to call you the second.
...I lose my mind!
In the first place, she showed up late. She doesn't take the interview seriously, how can we expect her to take the job seriously?
Well, I'm afraid so far our best candidate is the young man from Jeepers Sweepers.
All right, fine. Who would you hire? This, this Trish, I suppose.
Of course not! I don't remember.
You know, all right, fine. You can hire whoever you want to. You want this Trish, fine, call her.
Oh, would you give it a rest?!
Well, I hear the washer going. I assume that means our new employee is hard at it.
Dad, you know your basketball references go right over my head. You know, she's certainly got her work cut out for her, cleaning up this mess you and your buddies made last night.
Listen, Dad, I think I owe you an apology.
Well, for thinking I was a better judge of people than you are. I just want you to know that I do trust your judgment. Maybe I don't say that often enough. Anyway, I hope you can forgive me.
Thanks, Dad. I'll see you later.
Oh, for God's sake!
Well, maybe you can have Trish wax this floor tomorrow.
Well I'm not complaining, Dad, but look at these streaks here. It's like she never waxed a floor before.
Well, my sweaters are supposed to be dry-cleaned.
Oh, and remind me to say something to her about flipping my mattress.
Easy, easy. Dad, there's no reason to get all riled up. My God, you're actually perspiring.
Well, I'll say this much: the place does smell lemony fresh.
Really. Perhaps she and I could have a discussion about that.
Well, my lunch cancelled, I thought I might drop by, see if you might like to join me for a bite.
Right, I'll just tell Trish that we're leaving. Where is she?
Actually, Dad, I'd rather wait. You see, I wanted to discuss a new vacuuming pattern with her.
She did? I had no idea she was so fragile.
No, no, Dad. You know, if I've hurt her feelings, then it is incumbent upon me to apologize.
Trish, it's Dr. Crane. Could you come out here, please? I'd like to have a word with you.
No, no, Dad, why don't you talk to her?
Please, Dad, she likes you. Please.
Dad, I really should apologize to her in person.
Why not?
Well, you know, I also think that she's made some real improvements around here. Tell her that.
How should I know? Make something up.
Dad! All right, what the hell is going on?
Hey, Niles, look what I found in the parking lot.
Well, Niles, you've got quite an impressive array of flowers here. Oh, dear lord, who sent mums?
Really? You know, when I had the flu, Jaime didn't send me so much as a card.
I almost threw up. Who knows, mums might have been just the thing to cheer me up. I guess we'll never know now, will we?
Yes, but I also drink a lot of red wine. Now, Niles, you'll be happy to know that your prognosis is excellent. I have done some research. I have detailed the procedures and made copies for each of you. Here we are.
I also took the liberty of checking out your surgeon. A fine choice. True, he did have a few brushes with the law. As an undergrad. And I think you all know how I feel about Tulane's medical school.
But, on the bright side, he has been extensively published and his reputation is stellar. Now, if you'll all please turn to page seventeen in your handouts... you know, where is Dad?
I specifically used layman's terms for his benefit. Oh, all right.
Yes, when we were kids, whenever one of us was sick or hurt, Dad would try to keep us from worrying by pretending the problem didn't even exist.
Things always turned out all right, though. It will this time, too.
Are you sure, Niles? Dr. Ling went to Duke.
He'll receive general anesthesia once he's on the operating table. Now, if you'd like to follow along in your handouts, I could take you through the first steps of the procedure.
Yes, but did he have a mnemonic verse that goes along to the tune of "Camp Town Races"?
Ah, Doctor Schafer. I was just explaining my brother's procedure to my family. I'll hand the floor over to you.
Frasier. Dr. Crane.
Excuse me. If I may, wouldn't a mid-cab be less invasive? I have done some research in the matter and I believe that is the prevailing methodology.
My source is not Reader's Digest. It is a Harvard colleague. Harvard being my alma mater. HARVARD. And if I'm not mistaken, the blockage is in the left anterior descending artery.
And my expert opinion says otherwise.
Maybe I should!
Suit yourself.
Niles, I'll, I'll see you before they wheel you in.
Well, I'll tell you one thing about that Dr. Schafer's people skills: I am not a fan.
Yes, well I happen to know a thing or...
A thing or two about bypass surgery, he was totally condescending to me.
That's true. That's why you should always tell the people you love just how much they mean to you.
Of course, Roz, you're like family. And Dad, I hope you know I love you. Even at your most difficult.
Well, perhaps if people behaved more competently, I wouldn't be so bossy.
Yes, well, maybe that's because human behavior is my profession.
Who asked you, Roz?
You know, we really should tell her how much she means to us, too.
Yes.
It's not important right now. It's important you get well, all right?
How so, Niles?
I think he already is.
I was just thinking about what Niles said about the hospital and the things that happen here.
It's like the whole tapestry of life keeps replaying itself in these four walls.
You didn't hear a word I said, did you?
You're a sentimental fool, Dad.
I don't like him.
I told him we disappeared whenever he left the room.
What made you think of that?
Well he must be all right, we're all still here.
Well, Daph, according to my timetable, Niles is probably off the bypass pump by now, all the blockages have been bypassed, and the myocardium is now receiving normal blood.
Because the human heart was not designed by some idiot in Japan.
You see, she knows. Knowledge is our ally against anxiety. Which happens to be the theme of today's "Best of Crane" which is being broadcast over the airwaves right this moment.
Very funny, Roz.
All right, we get it.
All right, Roz.
Looks like one.
Looks like it's eighty-five cents.
Looks like there's a dollar slot.
Why don't you get off your ass and look?
How can you think about eating now?
How's his blood pressure?
Could be better. Did you thoroughly suction the cardioplegic solution? See, I'm a doctor.
Oh, I get it! Very nice!
What, Daph?
What?
Well, here, let's use my cell phone, all right? We can take turns calling.
Now don't go beating yourself up. You didn't do anything wrong. Come on, I'll dial first.
Now look, Niles, as far as Dad knows, I had nothing to do with your leg breaking, right?
Yes, and in exchange for your silence, you'll get ten of my records. Any ones you want.
Not that one!
Okay, fine.
Sign here and initial here.
I beg your pardon?
Congratulations.
You should go with your first instinct, Dad.
All right, then get a Marathon Bar.
Then you should get a Chunky.
All right, just get the Chunky!
What?
Oh, all right, I'll get it.
Not me, the candy! I give up.
Uh, no, it's all right. I'm sorry about this, kind of a tough time.
Right. And we'll pay for this.
Daphne, I know you're in hell right now, but in just about twenty minutes comes the disconnecting of the ventilator and the extubation. You can see it all in the diagram on page 24-C...
Daphne...
Oh yes, Roz, let's startle a man who just had open-heart surgery.
Niles, good to see you out and about!
Niles! Not the soaps! You can't be serious.
Here's champagne and sparkling cider for you, Niles. and help yourself to brunch whenever you're ready.
They're not sausages, Dad, they're "soysages." Niles is on a postoperative diet. We are trying to support him.
"Fake-un."
Well done.
Well, let's eat before the fake-un loses its shape.
Yes, Mozart Symphony No. 40: Molto Allegro. I just bought this new recording for Niles. It is fantastic. I've never heard such string articulation.
Good! So few cats dress for the symphony anymore.
Oh, hi guys!
95th percentile! That's wonderful, Niles!
You've...heard it?
I couldn't agree more, Niles.
Well, Niles has convinced my otherwise.
I'll say. Who can't pick out their own scone?
I'm afraid those days are over, Roz.
Well, it's a long story. Okay. When Niles was in the hospital and he was being wheeled into surgery he looked so frail and vulnerable, so I... I took my case to a higher power.
Hello, God. It's me, Dr. Frasier Crane. Though I don't talk to you as often as I should, I want to thank you for all the times you've indulged me in the past - although I have yet to see the inside of the Empire Club. Just kidding. Anyway, today I ask you to look after my brother Niles Crane. I love him, even if I don't always show it, and I regret all the time he and I have wasted in petty quarrels. If you spare him, Oh Lord, I promise to cherish every moment we have together.
Well, technically, the way it's structured, he'd come after me, seeing as I was the one who initiated the deal, you see. If I'd had more time, I might have worded things differently, but...
Bye guys.
Perhaps I am, Niles, thank you.
I'll do that. Thank you, Niles.
Very amusing! I get it. Ha ha.
Freud is the poor man's Jung.
You know, perhaps now, Niles, we can get back to the squash courts.
But the doctor said it was OK.
You didn't think they were useless three months ago when you won. You bragged for three months.
I see, so let me get this straight. You're going to give up squash and smell roses.
Niles, it has rained every day this week.
You know, there's something I need to tell you. It's something I've been thinking about...
Nothing.
Well, my heart certainly goes out to you. Grieving is Difficult enough without those unresolved...
I'm sure you all remember my brother Niles from our last segment. I'm sure all my listeners join me in hoping he can get back to work real soon.
By all means, go ahead, Niles.
I couldn't agree more, Niles. We'll be right back after traffic.
Roz, I can't eat. I can't sleep. I just lie awake in bed at night mentally arguing with Niles. And I win every time!
Oh, of course not. Well, maybe a little. I don't know. Roz, my brother could have died. I can't be ungrateful to whatever higher power may have spared him.
Oh, he's God, Roz! Have you read the Old Testament? He can be ruthless!
Welcome back, Seattle. Oh, I see we have someone on line two. Go ahead, caller, I'm listening.
Hi, Daph, I'm here for Niles.
Well, I specifically told him I would pick him up here. Ah...
It's not bad enough he usurps my radio show... What are you doing?
Why would I think that's silly? What does that say about me?
I do my bit for charity, you know. You have no idea how many vacations I've bought at silent auctions.
A vow? You mean, like a promise to God?
No! No, now when exactly did you make this promise?
The night before, you say. Interesting. You say Niles is at my place?
Excuse me. Keep up the good work.
Good evening.
Hello, God, it's me again. Dr. Frasier Crane. Listen, it seems that when we made our little arrangement, there was another deal in place. Now, I've had some experience with double-booking, and I know that the person who books first always gets priority. So, as long as Daphne keeps her end – which she is, to the letter - it seems our little arrangement would be rendered null and void. Ergo, I am now going to yell at my brother. Unless of course, you give me a sign.
Very well, then. This is going to be sweet.
Niles!
Not so fast, Mister! You, sir, have been insufferable for the past few weeks. It might enlighten you to know that your endless preaching has been nothing more than a thin cover for your fear...
But...
Huh... Well played, God. I'll see you at Easter.
Listen to yourself, Bob! You follow her to work, you eavesdrop on her calls, you open her mail. The minute you started doing these things, the relationship was over! Thank you for your call. Roz, I think we have time for one more?
Hello, Russell. This is Dr Frasier Crane; I'm listening.
Er, Russell, we're just about at the end of our hour. Let me see if I can cut to the chase by using myself as an example. Six months ago, I was living in Boston. My wife had left me, which was very painful. Then she came back to me, which was excruciating. On top of that, my practice had grown stagnant, and my social life consisted of... hanging around a bar night after night. You see, I was clinging to a life that wasn't working anymore, and I knew I had to do something, anything. So, I ended the marriage once and for all, packed up my things, and moved back here to my hometown of Seattle. Go Seahawks! I took action, Russell. And you can, too. Move, change, do something; if it's a mistake, do something else. Will you do that, Russell? Will you? Russell...? I think we lost him.
Oh, for crying out loud! I finally bare my soul to all of Seattle, and they're listening to Chopper Dave's "Rush-Hour Round-Up!"
Well, the rest of the show was pretty good. It was a, a good show, wasn't it?
Roz, in the trade we call that "avoidance." Don't change the subject, tell me what you think.
I am not a piece of Lalique. I can handle criticism. How was I today?
You say my brother called...
Oh, I'm sorry, Niles, I didn't realise you'd stopped talking.
Oh Niles, you're a psychiatrist - you know what it's like to listen to people prattling on endlessly about their mundane lives.
And?
Yes, I know what you think about everything. When was the last time you had an unexpressed thought?
Two cafe latte supremos.
No, thank you.
I'm fine. I love my new life. I love the solitude. I miss Frederick like the dickens, of course. You know, he's quite a boy. He's playing goalie on the peewee soccer team now. Ha, he's a chip off the old block!
So does he! The fresh air's good for him.
Is it Dad?
Oh my God!
What, his hip again?
What can we do?
Oh Niles, a home? He's still a young man!
Absolutely. Besides, we were never simpatico.
Oh yes, yes, of course, of course... why?
Who does?
I do. I... I like her from a distance. You know, the way you like the sun. Maris is like the sun. Except without the warmth.
It says that?
Alright, I'll make up the spare bedroom.
Oh God, I am, aren't I?
No. I seem to have lost my appetite.
Hi!
Ah Dad, Dad, welcome to your new home! Gee, you look great!
Well, er, here we are...
Well, rest assured the refrigerator is stocked with your favourite beer, Ballantines, and we've got plenty of hot links and coleslaw...
And I just rented a Charles Bronson movie for later!
I want you here! It'll give us a chance to get reacquainted!
Yes, we Crane boys sure know how to marry. Let me get you a beer, Dad. So, ah, what do you think of what I've done with the place, eh? You know, every item here was carefully selected. This lamp by Corbusier, the chair by Eames, and this couch is an exact replica the one Coco Chanel had in her Paris atelier.
Well, it's a, it's a style of decorating, it's called "eclectic." Well, the theory behind it is, if you've got really fine pieces of furniture, it doesn't matter if they match - they will go together.
Dad, what do you think of the view? Hey, that's the Space Needle there!
Excuse me, excuse me, wait a minute-
Niles, Niles, Niles, be careful with that, that's a Wassily!
Oh look, Dad, as dear as I'm sure this, this piece is to you I, I just don't think it goes with anything here!
Niles, Niles, will you help me out here?
Oh yes, that will be the crowning touch.
Eddie?
Oh no, Dad, no, no! Not Eddie!
But he's weird! He gives me the creeps! All he does is stare at me.
No Dad, no! No, I'm sorry, but I am putting my foot down. Eddie is NOT moving in here.
Niles, there you are! I'm sorry I'm late; just as I was leaving, Dad decided to cook lunch by the glow of a small kitchen fire! Oh Niles, this last week with Dad, it's, it's been a living hell! When I'm there, I feel like my territory's being violated; when I'm not, I'm worried about what he's up to. Look at me, I'm a nervous wreck! I've got to do something to calm down. Double espresso, please! Niles, you don't still have the brochures from those rest homes, do you?
I'm afraid I do. I don't have my life anymore. Tuesday night I gave up my tickets to the theatre, Wednesday it was the symphony...
Yes, here.
Niles, you don't suppose there's a chance that you and Maris could...
You mean you'd take him in?
A what?
These angels exist?
Niles, I can't thank you enough! I, I, I feel this overwhelming urge to hug you!
Wise woman.
I have never been more impressed with a human being in my life!
Now what was wrong with that one?!
"Casing the joint!" She spent two years with Mother Teresa!
Oh, this is the last one. Can you please try to keep an open mind?
Frasier Crane. Please come in.
Er, this is my father, Martin Crane. Dad, this is Daphne Moon.
That is Eddie.
Er, have a seat, Miss Moon.
Yes. Well, er, perhaps you should start by telling us a little bit about yourself, Miss Moon.
Oh really, did you hear that, Dad?
Yes. Perhaps I should describe the duties around here. You would be responsible for...
No, I'm a psychiatrist.
It's safe with us. Well, Miss Moon, I think we've learned just about all we need to know about you, and a dash extra!
Well, we'll, er, we'll be calling you, Miss Moon.
Er excuse me, excuse me, aren't you just forgetting a little something here? Don't you think we should talk about this in private?
Yes.
Dad, what do you think you're doing?
But she's a kook! I don't like her!
Then... what's my problem? Daphne!
You've been retained.
Quelle surprise.
Oh, move in? Oh, I'm sorry, there must be some misunderstanding. Er, this isn't a live-in position.
The lady at the agency was wrong; this is just a part-time position. I'm, I'm afraid it just won't work out.
Dad, there's nothing to discuss!
Daphne, Daphne - I think it would be best if you leave.
Don't be alarmed. We'll contact you. If not by telephone then, er, through the toaster.
Dad, I'm not having another person living in this house!
Well, for one thing, there's no room for her!
My study? You expect me to give up my study - the place where I read, where I do my most profound thinking?
I don't want to adjust! I've done enough adjusting! I'm in a new city, I've got a new job, I'm separated from my little boy, which in itself is enough to drive me nuts. And now my father and his dog are living with me! Well, that's enough on my plate, thank you. The whole idea of getting somebody in here was to help ease my burden, not to add to it!
Oh Dad, Dad, you're, you're twisting my words! I meant burden in its most positive sense!
Something like that, yes!
I'm just trying to do the right thing, here. I'm trying to be the good son.
You think that's what this is about, guilt?
Of course it is! But the point is, I did it! I took you in! And I've got news for you - I wanted to do it! Because you're my father. And how do you repay me? Ever since you've moved in here it's been a snide comment about this or a smart little put-down about that. Well, I've done my best to make a home here for you, and once, just once, would it have killed you to say "thank you?" One lousy "thank you?"
I'm going out.
They have got to move the bathroom closer to the studio!
We'll be right back after these messages. Can't I put that on tape?!
Oh, I'm sorry. It's just this thing with my father and this, this person he wants to hire. I thought I'd started my life with a clean slate. I had picture of what it was going to be like, and then, I don't know...
Who?
Is there a reason you're telling me this story?
Remind me again how it worked for Lupe, last seen with her head in the toilet?
We're back. Roz, who's our next caller?
Hello, Martin. This is Dr. Frasier Crane; I'm listening.
Welcome to the show. How can I help you?
I can imagine. Why do you think that's so?
Well, these things are a two-way street. Perhaps your son wasn't sensitive enough to see how your life was changing.
I'm sure he appreciated your candour.
That's good advice for us all. Anything else?
Why don't you tell him?
Well, if it helps, I suspect your son already knows how you feel. Is that all?
My pleasure, Martin.
Yes, I heard.
Hello, Claire. I'm listening.
Claire, you are in mourning. But you're not mourning the loss of your boyfriend. You're mourning the loss of what you thought your life was going to be. Let it go. Things don't always work out how you planned; that's not necessarily bad. Things have a way of working out anyway. Have you ever heard of Lupe Velez?
Oh Niles, I think you're exaggerating.
God, you'd think women of that age would choose more suitable material. Remember the last show they did, “The Sound Of Music”? My God, half the Von Trapp children were having hot flashes.
Everyone, this is my brother Niles. This is Teddy, one of our brilliant engineers..
This is KACL's inimitable “Chopper” Dave. Your Eye in the Sky for traffic.
Well, KACL team, what is on the agenda for today?
Roz, I'm ashamed of you! Gossip, gossip, gossip. Don't you know how destructive that can be? It does nothing but sully good people's names and create an atmosphere of suspicion and mistrust.
You know my salary?
Oh, no no no no. He's the station's highest-rated personality. I mean, with the exception of women thirty-five to fifty-four who happen to think that I'm... sort of a god.
You can do that?
Oh people, people. You're jumping to conclusions. Show a little respect. Bulldog has devoted fifteen years of his life to radio. My own personal feelings aside, the man deserves better than to become the object of some scurrilous rumor that as yet hasn’t a shred of truth to it.
Yes, well... just in case, I've got dibs on his parking space.
Don, it's a common problem. I'm listening.
Yes, well, losing weight can be a lifelong struggle. It takes a commitment. Now, if you're ready to accept that, there are a number of things I can suggest...
Uh Don, what was that?
Don...? Where are you?
Don...?
Yes, and the light at the end of that tunnel is a heat lamp over a large order of fries. We'll be right back after the news.
Okay.
Oh, hi Father Mike.
How you doing?
Oh Father, Father. You should better than to put any stock in idle office gossip.
Well, listen Father. I don't like to engage in gossip, but you have nothing to worry about.
Well, someone is being let go...
But ah, it's not you. It's Bulldog.
Yes.
Well I have, yes.
Bulldog. Well, how long have you been...?
Now, now now now now, Bulldog listen, this is just a rumor. You know how out of the loop I am.
Now, now now. Don't do anything rash. Now listen, I suggest you try to vent your anger first.
Well... there, way to go. Now, on your way.
Bulldog's quitting.
Well, because Ned Miller is firing him.
You did.
I didn't mean to, he overheard me.
What? Come on, you guys were so positive - the expense account thing, the meeting with management at five?
Apparently not!
I don't believe this, this is incredible, Yes, hello, hello Arlene? Arlene, yes, listen. Bob Briscoe's about to jump into the office and... oh. God, he's already burst into the office with Miller. Oh god, this is a disaster.
Well I, I suppose you're right. For all we know they may be having a good laugh about this right now.
You said that to Ned Miller?
My god, the man tried to strike you? Listen, Bulldog...
My god, my god, this is unbelievable. A man has quit his job just because of a rumor that you spread!
I'm a bad, bad man.
Oh, right. “Call Ned Miller, clear this thing up.” The man is totally unstable, he tried to take a swing at me the day he hired me.
No kidding.
God. Can you believe this weather?
Who told you?
Yes, well, Bulldog tended his resignation.
Well, you know, things just go funny sometimes. It's a tough business, this radio game, you know?
...Maybe I am.
All right, all right. Ah, there was a rumor going ‘round the station that Bulldog was going to get sacked, and then... I was repeating it to someone and he overheard me and flew off the handle, went up and quit his job. In the end it turned out that the rumor wasn't true. Of course, you already knew that, didn't you?
Well, that's a little easier said than done. Ned Miller is the most intimidating, heartless, mean-spirited man I've ever had the misfortune to meet.
No, no. For all we know this might just be the best thing that ever happened to him. You know, he's always talking about how he should be in a larger market, like Los Angeles, or New York...
Eddie, scoot. Scat.
Oh, Bulldog.
Well, what are you doing, just standing there?
No, no-no-no-no. Come in, come in, it's just family. This is my dad, and Daphne Moon.
Oh, that's an exceedingly rare fertility symbol from a small nomadic tribe in Ghana.
Wait. Bulldog, I can't let you leave like this. Here's a twenty. Oh, all right. Why don't you just spend the night, you can take the couch.
Why sure, what's the point of having an expensive suede couch if you can't have a bunch of people crashing on it?
Oh sure, sure.
Now, you two just leave me alone. This is not my fault. Look, I am not responsible for Bulldog going up there and popping off to the boss. You can stare at me 'til you're blue in the face, I'm not going to go see Ned Miller.
Oh, all right! I'll go down to the station, I will talk to the monster on the sixth floor and futilely attempt to get a man back his job that I don't even care for, and in the process I will probably end up spitting out my teeth like Chiclets! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Mr. Miller...
Look, I don't mean to disturb you, but Arlene wasn't at her desk.
If this is a bad time...
Okay, how's this?
Oh my lord! What happened here?
And he did that with your little trophy?
Ah. That's, ah, sort of why I'm here.
No. No thank you, Mr. Miller. Um, I know that Bulldog was up here, and he said some... pretty regrettable things to you.
Well anyway, ah, a lot of what he said was, ah... was my fault, you see? Well, you see, I heard a rumor that, ah, management was thinking about lightening the load a bit. Well, I heard it was Bulldog that was gonna get sacked and I... I was repeating the rumor to someone and Bulldog heard me. And that's why he came up here and started telling you...
That is indefensible! Your wife is not overweight! Well anyway, my point is that, um, I'd like you to reconsider giving Bulldog his job back. And ah, whatever the consequences to me, I'm willing to accept it.
Oh sir, sir, I'm sure that'll make him so happy.
Well, I'll just, ah, get out of you hair.
What?
Oh god, not Father Mike? Oh, no.
Chopper Dave? Ray the Greengrocer? Bonnie “the Auto Lady” Weems?
Yes, I bet you could.
Bad news?
Oh, Ned, I... I'm so sorry. Then I guess this means that my job is still safe, then?
Well, you know Ned... I haven't been in the radio game that long. But, uh, I've been around long enough to know that people get fired. And when they do, they always seem to land on their feet. Now I've known quite a few people - and counseled them - that have suffered similar setbacks. But, ah, in time you will embrace this. Learn to think of this as, oh, a new chapter. You know, in theatrical circles, they always say “Every exit is but an entrance to somewhere else.”
Oh, Dad, Daphne. Hi. Niles, I've got to cancel our date, I have to meet Roz's replacement over at the station before the show.
What's this? Are you pregnant?
Oh, well, congratulations. You've got all the fertility software and so forth?
Yes, well, first child you know about.
Hmm? Oh, it's not what you think, Daphne. I was just referring to the time Niles sold his sperm to a sperm bank. Surely you told her about it.
Off I go.
Does her handicap preclude her from understanding Pig Latin?
Hello, Dana.
Likewise, I'm sure. Listen, if you have any questions, anything you'd like to know, please feel free to call on me. I'm here for you.
Will you excuse me?
Julia!
Listen, we still on for dinner at Chez Henri tonight?
Not as long as you're wearing something black and slinky.
Listen, why don't you stop by my place tonight for a cocktail first?
Okay.
Hello, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Our topic today is: new beginnings. I'd like you all to join me in welcoming a new member to the KACL family.
As many of you may know, my producer of ten years, Roz Doyle, has left us for greener pastures.
You know, Roz was not only known for her producing prowess, but also for her warmth, her kindness and her gentle spirit.
Very well, then, the beginning of a new era. Let's go to our first caller.
Oh, Niles. Dad, Julia is on her way, you told me you'd keep to your room while she's here.
And take your Cheetos-stained dog with you.
No, Niles, could you stay for just a moment? There's something going on in my life that requires a bit mulling. Sherry?
No? But we never mull without sherry.
Very well. Have a seat.
Suit yourself. Anyway, it's about Roz. After quitting her job, TWICE, she shows up back at work again, today, waist-deep in a sea of denial. Well, I confronted her on the issue...
What the hell are you doing?
Anyway, I confronted her on the issue, and she refused to discuss it with me. She wouldn't even look me in the eye. Which leads me to just one conclusion, Niles: She's in love with me.
That's because you don't have all the facts. I've never shared this with you before, Niles, so brace yourself. Two years ago, Roz and I slept together.
We did have a chance to discuss it, thoroughly. Talk things out. And at the time, she seemed happy to remain friends. But I realize, now, that I must have kindled a spark in her. That lit the torch she carries to this day. So what do you think...?
Are your pants humming?
Oh, dear.
Yes, I know! I know that!
Oh, Julia. Hi.
Good to see you. What's all this?
And what's in here? Is this dessert?
Fine.
She was, but I'm beginning to have second thoughts.
Niles, Julia and I have never been together sexually. Look what happened with Roz. We slept together two ago, she's still suffering.
In the sense of pining!
Oh, open your eyes, Niles! It's the same scenario: an infatuated co-worker, a night of passion. What if things don't work out between us? Every day she'll be forced to stare through the glass at me. Wondering what might have been, until one day, like Roz, she goes MAD!
Oh, Niles, don't you see? I'm just trying to be responsible. I don't want to sleep with Julia until I know that there's a future for us.
Yes. But you know, there's really no need for you to go to all this trouble. I mean, we can still have dinner at Chez Henri's.
Oh.
Mmm. That's yummy, yes.
You know, I think Zoltan from the club makes house calls. Let me get you his number.
Yes, of course.
No, no, I am. I am. I'm very interested. It's just that... before we take things to the next level, you should know there are certain risks.
No, no, no! Of course not! Of course not. Although, in a manner of speaking...
Excuse me.
It's Roz!
I don't know. Listen, just give us a moment or two together and I'll get rid of her.
Hi, Roz.
Yes.
Is everything okay?
No, Roz. Not stupid, human. And all too vulnerable. You've realized that you're in love with me.
Come on...
Okay, okay, just to be clear. You haven't been pining for me since we slept together?
Hold that thought, I've got to get in the kitchen and move something back to the front burner.
Julia...
No, no. Just us. Listen, I'd like to apologize for being skittish earlier. I...just chalk it up to nerves. I mean, after all, this is a big night for us. We've never done this before.
As have I. What I meant was...
Thank you. Where were we? Oh, here. I believe we were about to sample some sauce.
Oh, that's hot! Oh, God! I'll just go get rid of Roz.
You know, Roz, we've got so much to talk about, what do you say we pick this up again tomorrow over a cup of coffee?
I don't remember you having any complaints when we were in bed. I seem to recall hearing the term "stallion- like"!
Well, one of us did!
Julia...
Look, Roz was just leaving.
Julia, I...
No, it's my fault. I never should have let you in.
She doesn't hate you, Roz.
That's not always true.
I'm sorry.
Roz, the day a woman says I can't be friends with you is the day I know I picked the wrong woman.
Say, Julia has a dangerously hot meal cooking in the kitchen. Why don't you stay?
You can't tell her, Roz.
Hi, you two!
Hi, Daph, good to see you. Hello, Niles. Uh, my usual, please. Well, I've ruined another relationship. I suppose you'll want to hear the whole sorry tale.
Last night, Julia came over and, as usual, I made a mess of things... Did you say no?
But I wish to unburden myself.
You demur?
But this time was different...
Well. Silly me. To think that I could count on my only brother for shoulder on which to lean.
What pattern?
And when have I done that?
Oh, all right! I knew I had a pattern, I just didn't think you'd remember the names.
I'd like to strike you, of course, but you speak the truth. I'll tell you what, I will never find a happy relationship un-unless I can break out of this maddening cycle.
Commit to commitment. It's a bit glib, but nonetheless inspiring. Thank you, Niles. I'm going to call Julia, and I will not take "no" for an answer. I may have walked in here the old fault-finding, flaw-fleeing Flasier, but I leave a man committed to commitment.
I did not.
I most certainly did not.
I've been saying my own name for the last forty-some odd years.
Oh, hi Dad.
Dad, the odds of my knowing the score to the Mariners game are about the same as you knowing the score to Pacific Overtures. Did, uh, Julia call?
Oh, damn. Well, at least this little delivery will cheer me up. My new Frette hand towels have arrived. Ha, ha! Direct from Italy, I give you the spugna con frangia, with the tulle lace insert, huh?
Well, you may miss the luxurious feel of your trouser fronts, but yes.
Thanks anyway, Dad. I'll just see you at Niles and Daphne's for dinner, all right. Maybe I'll take in a movie.
Well, there's this new Russian film in town about a Crimean War vet.
I'm so sorry, Dad, I...
Julia! You got my message! Oh.
Oh. I'm sorry. Well, please, please come in. So, what did it look like?
Right, okay, yeah, you check there, and I'll...
Um, oh, I just said that I found you bright, and uh, beautiful and engaging, and then... there was a sonnet: "Fair love's ship ne'er sailed o'er unstorm'd seas. The fickle stars, her compass, bright and cruel..." It's pretty sappy stuff, huh?
So you did hear it?
That's exactly where I am in my life too. After you walked out last night, I realized how badly I want to be in a real relationship, how ready I am to...well, for want of a better phrase, uh, to commit to commitment.
No. And if I did...get in your pants, well...I'd want to stay there forever. I-I said that much more elegantly in the sonnet.
Really, where?
In my bed...well, we were never in my bedroom, I don't...
Oh. I see.
Have you ever been to fair Firenze?
Mine, too. Oh, I knew we'd be a good couple.
No. I've always wanted to.
Well, then let's go!
Sounds perfect! I'll tell you what. Let's toast this decision with a glass of Chianti.
Oh, shoot.
I just remembered I'm supposed to have dinner at my brother and his wife's house tonight. I'm just going to call and cancel.
Niles, it's-it's Frasier. Listen, I just got out of the movie, and it was so cold in the theater that I think I've... I think I've come down with a little something, and uh, I just...I just... I'm afraid I'm begging out tonight, all right?
Niles, for God's sakes, I just want to go home and get into bed.
I can't help it if I'm sick. What if I catch pneumonia?
What the hell are you doing here?
Oh, I'm sorry, Niles, uh, you remember Julia, of course.
Oh, I'm sorry. Would you have rather I told you that I was in flagrante delicto?
Julia and I would be delighted to attend.
Well, what do you want me to do, give her fifty bucks and tell her to beat it?
How about some Mozart to make things festive, huh?
Well, then you'd be wrong, as it is from the Salzburg Music Festival.
Oh, all right. I believe I have Michael Nyman's The Contemporary Trumpet.
All right, nothing then, my little wasp. Oh, thank you, Niles. Thank you very much.
She, uh, shoots from the hip, this one.
You should hear what she says about my show.
Well...
You just asked to see me.
Why would I have gone deaf?
Niles, Niles, don't be so sensitive. That is one of the qualities I admire most about Julia--her bracing frankness. Now listen, listen, it is partially because of your advice that I have chosen to commit myself to this woman, so please at least give her a chance.
Right, right, okay.
Dinner is served, everyone, if you'd come and take a seat. Here we are. Daph, I'll let you sit here. Julia, have a seat there, and I'll sit right next to you.
You know, she really does work too hard.
Well, what does it matter how we came to know this glorious news? Niles, that's wonderful!
Isn't this fun? I'm having a good time.
You know, that's exactly the kind of...flaw that the old Frasier would have...seized upon as a pretext to end the relationship, but I-I know now that...that impulse to run is-is really an indication that my feelings for her are just deepening, and um... gone are the days when I would have said something like... "How rude!" or "She's horrible. I've made a ghastly, ghastly mistake."
Who's ready to play that game of pictionary we talked about? I know I am. Let me just get that. Dad, I'll tell you what, I know how much you like to keep time, so you'll be the timer, and then it'll be me and Julia against Niles and Daphne. How about that?
Daphne, what do you say you draw first?
Wow! Well, congratulations, you two. Great.
Right, right, okay, here we go. Yeah, right. Okay, Dad.
No, that's, that's not it.
It's a cherry with a mustache and, uh, wearing a sombrero. It's "Cherry Garcia."
Oh, dear God!
Are you all right?
Right, right, here, let me just, uh, walk you to the powder room.
No, that's okay, you just take as long as you need.
Shame on you! That woman couldn't breathe, and the three of you just sat there!
That's because I mistook her choking for a sarcastic comment on my Pictionary play! You, on the other hand, were content to let the woman I love die before your eyes, THAT'S RIGHT, I SAID I LOVE HER!!
How dare you presume to know the workings of my heart? You can't understand the kind of feelings Julia and I have for one another. You might as well ask me to describe the essence of music or the, the color of starlight!
Get out.
I said get out!
No, that happened earlier when we slept together!
You're damn right I am!
And I, my hand towel!!
Do you want me to draw you a picture?!
Get out!
With this bottle, I would like to both commemorate and apologize for this evening. Daphne, Niles, this should have been your evening, and I selfishly monopolized every moment of it.
Not yet, Niles. Anyway, I handled things badly, both with Julia and with you, and I just hope that you can forgive me.
Well, then, to life, both the old and the new.
Ah, Niles, I'm so proud of you.
Niles, just look at the edging on this.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, hello Dad, hi Niles.
Uh, may I get my usual, please? Niles, we’re playing squash in twenty minutes. Where are your togs?
I see. Well, we could have rescheduled. Did you really have to lie?
Ah. Well, then you had to save yourself.
Right.
I know!
He is only the head of the Seattle Opera Guild, and one of the finest directors in the world.
We were merely paying due respect to one of the giants of the opera world.
Yes, it’s very chic, Roz.
Well... one wonders what’s been in Barry’s closet a little too long.
Oh, come on, he didn’t seem gay to you?
Yes, yes, uh, fabulous sums it up in a word.
Yes, all right, Roz, but you can see how someone might get that impression, all right?
All right, you’re right, it was a shallow, knee-jerk assumption, and unworthy of us, both as psychiatrists and men about town.
I’m moving as fast as I can in these ridiculous shorts yours.
I did not burst out of them. My laundress simply over- bleached them until they had the tensile strength of a cobweb. If you’re in such a hurry you should have brought your own car.
Yes, yes, you were seeing patients. We did not play squash.
No, I can’t imagine she would do that. Let’s just act natural.
Where did he go?
Well, let’s see. Tuesday is leather night... so it’s probably some sort of shoe outlet. It’s a gay bar, you idiot. Come on, let’s go.
Niles, Roz is my friend. I’m not going to let her get hurt by some man who’s lying to her about himself. I’ll be just a minute.
Excuse me, uh, I’m looking for a guy.
It’s a particular guy – he’s about thirty-five years old...
Eduardo! My furniture polisher. Don’t tell me you put away paste and chamois for life as a barkeep.
Oh, well, bet you’re surprised to see me in here.
All right, look, I thought I saw a friend of mine come in here. He’s, uh, mid-thirties, uh, wavy hair, good build...
Oh, oh...
Sherry, please.
What?
He’s in the bathroom.
What did you say?
Come again?
You see, actually, he and I are...
You can rationalize your actions all you want to, Kevin, but the truth is, you’re just not being honest, are you?
I beg your pardon?
Excuse me?
Oh. Oh, I see. Yes, in fact, I did pop into Bad Billy’s yesterday. You see, I thought I had seen a gentlemen I wished to speak with go in there, and I’d certainly never been in that bar before.
Well, they-they were not my shorts. You see, I’d been playing squash, and I borrowed them from my... uh, from my friend, who is slim-hipped.
Look, I did not pick anybody up! All right, I am going to put an end to this discussion, because there is nothing to discuss. On my way home from the gym, I popped into Bad Billy’s looking for a man I was hoping was in the bathroom. I had a quick sherry with my French polisher and then I left. As for how I got into another man’s shorts, that is no one’s business!
Oh, dear God!
All right, Roz. I-I saw him on the street, I turned, and the next thing I knew he was gone. I thought he was...
What?
Outed?!
Thank you, Gil.
Gil, I am not gay.
They were not my shorts! I simply borrowed them because my own had split when I bent over...
Oh, shut up, you big queen!
Oh, Dad. You care for a coffee?
Yes, Dad.
Yes, all right, Dad.
Yes, all right! Thank you.
I see you caught my show.
Go ahead, let’s hear it.
You know, I’m glad this tickles you.
Are you done?
I will return those shorts to you tomorrow.
Dad, please clean up that debris around your chair. Alistair is coming by.
Now, that’s him. Everyone just act natural.
He’s taking me to Madrid!
Well, he’s a man of the theater, he kisses everyone. Well, it’s not like he’s the first gay friend I’ve ever had.
He does not think I’m gay.
I don’t have to. I mean, it’s obvious – we are just friends. He is not courting me.
So what if it is!
Stop that! My friendship with Alistair is the best thing that’s happened to me in months. I will not have you sully it by making it out to be something it’s not.
Oh, Daph.
Oh my God!
Yes.
Listen, I can’t help it if people think we’re a couple. The point is, I’m enjoying myself, and if you’re too jealous to be happy for me, then that’s your problem.
Yes, that’s right. All my life, I have dreamed of being half of a power couple, and I finally am! Is it perfect? No. But it’s fun, and I don’t want it to end.
Oh, please, the man has not even made a move on me. And do you know why? Because we are friends. Famous, fabulous friends.
Niles?
Do you notice that you've been awfully chatty lately?
Don't you hear that?
Well, let's see: you do have a baby on the way. Perhaps your incessant jabbering is just a way of distracting yourself from this life changing event.
Well, it's not so hard to believe. You were fifteen before you discovered there was a correlation between being beaten up every day and going to school in a Panama hat.
Niles!
Does that woman look familiar to you?
My God! That's Ronee Lawrence.
She used to baby-sit for us. Oh my God, I had a crush on her. She's the first girl to ever break my heart. I used to watch her through the banister, making out with her boyfriend. Chad.
Yes, I know, you really had Dad's hopes up there for a while.
Excuse me, are you Ronee Lawrence?
It's good to see you. Niles and I were just...
You look fantastic.
Of course it is. You know, exercise, dieting and all...
Oh.
Niles, we've got a moment, I think. So, what have you been up to?
Oh, great, great.
Oh, well, actually I'm getting back into private practice as well. In fact, we're here today picking out a couch for my new offices. I saw you checking out the Barcaloungers. Are you buying a chair for your husband?
Oh, well, you know, you must come by the house to do a proper catch up. I know my dad would love to see you again.
Well, then how about cocktails around seven? I'm at the Elliot Bay Towers, on the Counterbalance.
Okay, bye.
Okay go ahead, Niles.
I know, I know...
I know, give it a good one.
You know, have some sympathy, Niles. Obviously, my foot-dragging is a kind of avoidance. After all, I haven't been in private practice for twelve years. Maybe I don't have the skills anymore.
Still got the gift of gab, I see.
I just didn't want Ronee to think I was coming on too strong. I was hoping this reunion might lead to a countdown for a future liftoff from Cape Crane-averal.
Oh, Dad. Hey.
Niles and I ran into Ronee Lawrence today and she's coming over for cocktails. You remember, our old babysitter.
She happens to look fabulous.
Which you will soon see for yourself. She's playing the piano down at the Wellington.
Ronee, hi. Come on in. Good to see you.
Meet my sister-in-law, Daphne.
And of course, you remember my dad.
Oh right. Would you like a glass of wine?
Dad, why don't you get yourself a beer?
Well I'm sure the album was just wonderful. You know, maybe I can interest you in a duet a little later.
Wouldn't it, though? I have a feeling that our musical styles just might harmoni...
Dad, could you help me with something in the kitchen?
Right now!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Because I'm working a little magic of my own. And your magic was mucking up my magic!
Since WHEN do I bring you women?! What are you, the Sultan of Brunei?
Something wrong?
Oh, no.
You know we will. You can count on that.
We'll be there with bells on.
Bye, see you later.
I can't believe the way you are humiliating yourself. A man your age!
She was flirting with me! You just got caught in the crossfire.
Fine. If you insist on humiliating yourself, how's this: I will invite Ronee over for dinner this weekend and she can choose for herself. Agreed?
You don't suppose he's sneaking down to the Rendezvous, do you?
Quite right. Dad is nothing if not an honorable man. I don't know what I was thinking.
No, I want to freshen up first. See yourselves out.
I guess I just didn't want our little reunion ending so abruptly.
I had a feeling you might say that.
Dad!
You said you were going to McGinty's. How long have you been here?
You know, Dad, you really ought to slow down there. At his age, one slip and it's the ICU and then it's I see you later.
Oh, you bet we are.
Say, Ronee, it's such a beautiful piano, it's a shame we didn't get a chance to do our duet.
Really?
I don't mind scrunching at all.
Oh, it is most definitely not just you.
Oh, I love this song.
Oh, I'm sure you special someone would just love to hear it.
Yeah. Pizza guy forgot to close it when he left. What're you doin' here?
I'm kinda into "Wheel of Fortune" right now.
Dad, you don't have to be so coy. I know where you're goin'.
So, did you want one?
That's because I'm depressed, you nit!
Yeah, I know, I know there was no future for Ronee and me. I'm depressed, Niles. I don't know why. Wait a minute...
Wait a minute... I think I can make a really great sandwich out of all my leftover chutneys.
Niles!
Well, what do you think I'm doing? I'm gonna eat it.
Oh, my God.
It's Viagra!
No. It's a prescription for Martin Crane. Why do you suppose he would put it in here?
It's Dad!
Dad. What are you doing back so soon?
Well, you're certainly not going to find it in the kitchen.
Now what?
Dad...
No, Dad, I found them by accident. I tried to put them back. I didn't mean to embarrass you. Here.
Dad...
Why would you do that, Dad? I mean, you're not going to let what happened tonight end things with Ronee, are you? Is there something else going on here?
Dad, it's us.
Dad, when she was babysitting for us, did you ever notice her?
And did Mom ever notice you notice her?
Well, there you are. You're still feeling guilt and shame for being attracted to her all those years ago. But she's an adult now and you should really allow yourself to explore these feelings.
Thank you, Niles. You know, perhaps my depression over losing Ronee was actually rooted in my feelings for her from long ago as well. After all, she was the first person to reject me. Even though she never knew it. Perhaps by pursuing her again, I was hoping to undo that first rejection, thereby erasing all the subsequent rejections in my life and giving myself a much needed shot of self-esteem.
Did you hear that?! My analytical skills are on fire!
Well, so much for worrying about whether I'm ready to get back into private practice. The answer is a resounding "Yes"!
Niles! Do you realize your babbling kicks in whenever I talk about my return to private practice? Perhaps this condition of yours has less to do with baby jitters and more to do with my entering your domain. My God! If I get any hotter I'm going to set off the sprinklers!
Niles, Niles! Relax, it's okay. You are an excellent psychiatrist. I couldn't eclipse you if I tried.
You're sure?
Splendid. And Dad, you should go down and see Ronee. She must like you an awful lot, considering who she passed up.
Ronee didn't go to parochial school.
No. That was our other babysitter, Sally.
Dad, don't you want your "cheese"?
Roz, I came as quickly as I could. What's the emergency?
I'm sorry. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
Well, I'm sorry she dragged you all the way down here. I've just renewed my policy, but perhaps Roz could introduce you to my brother Niles.
No, but with a baby on the way, he might need some additional coverage.
Why would you do that?
This is a grocery tote. I wanted to pick up some vegetables and some cat food at the market.
No, no, I am catsitting for a neighbor, and I go out. I'm going out this evening.
People.
They're still people. Listen, Roz, I may not go out as often as you do, but that's because I have standards. Haven't you ever heard of waiting for Miss Right?
You can smell that?
Oh.
I don't want to go out with somebody I'm not interested in. I would rather wait for Miss Right, and while I'm waiting, there's no reason I can't live a rich and rewarding life. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to get these vegetables home and into a hearty winter soup.
Did Roz put you up to this?
Well, I'm sorry, Kenny, but I am booked all this weekend. Oh, here's luck! I found a perfectly good thimble in this pocket! See you later.
Oh, yes, excuse me, if I could get a place setting, that would be lovely.
Is it possible to make that for one?
Yes, a bruschetta for me, no bruschetta for my love, and so on.
All right, listen, all of you just knock it off.
Oh, just go dance!
Hello, Mr. Bottomsley. Dinner was an absolute nightmare. Fortunately, I was able to slip out of there early and pick you up a little treat. Fresh tuna. You're welcome.
Honestly, why does everyone assume that I need some companionship in my life? Has the world gone mad, Mr. Bottomsley?
Well, what shall we two bachelors do this evening, Mr. B? Perhaps a crossword puzzle. Maybe watch a little telly. Oh, I know--how about a nice hot bath? I'm just teasing. Now, I know that you're used to eating canned tuna, so this will taste different, but if you're like me, I think you'll agree it's much better. If only there were a treat here for me. Ah, what's this? A delicious nine- vegetable winter soup. Yes, Mr. B, I think you were right about the bay leaves.
Ah, Mr. Bottomsley, lovely to see you again, sir. Your customary table, I presume, hmm? Splendid. Here you go.
Well, isn't this civilized.
Beat it, Eddie, there's none for you. Do you feel a draft, Mr. B? I'm just a little bit cold. That's better. Hmm, that's still a little too hot. You know what, while we're letting that cool, why don't we find a home for our... antique. There we are, yes, now.
You know, you don't find one of these very easily. Especially in such good condition. Won't that covetous Niles be mad when he sees this, hmm? But he can't have it, can he, nooo. Yes, he can't have it, can he, no, no...
Dear God, I'm Aunt Shirley!
What's that number?
So, Ann... tell me everything. Who is Ann Hodges?
Oh.
Well, you know, we don't have to have just shop talk. What are your dreams?
Oh, yes.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I would--I'd like your finest bottle of Barolo, please. Why don't you come back in a minute and see what the lady likes.
Hmm?
Oh, Kenny, hi.
Well... is this, uh, your first time in Seattle?
That's impressive.
It's lovely to meet you... Miss Wright.
Oh, well, how about tomorrow night?
Ah.
Yes, well, you know, I'm just about finished up here.
Oh, it's not a date. It's not a date. It's just a little business thing. You know, I'll tell you what. I'll just wrap things up here, and then I'll come and help you wage the battle for Seattle.
Bye.
Ah.
Well... uh, you know, Ann, uh, first dates are funny. Umm, sometimes it takes a while for two people to click. Sometimes you know right away, and, uh, I think when you do, you should just feel free...
What?
Ann, um...
Oh. Gosh, this is a feast! I'm not sure we'll need to order a main course.
The bunny had a big Mexican lunch. You know, if you're feeling full then I'm sure they could wrap up the rest of that for you.
Excuse me, I'd better get that!
Yes, it did. Hello? Niles? Is there something wrong? Oh, dear God, well, you just stay there on the floor. I'll be right there. I'm so sorry, uh...
Well, actually, it's my brother. He's thrown out his back again. Oh, God, right in the middle of our magical evening too! Uh, check please. Thank you. You know, I guess I'm just going to have to put you in a cab. I'm so sorry. I was having such a lovely evening.
Yes, um, all right, all right.
Ah, thank you very much. Yes, here, yeah, that's fine, uh, you just keep the change. Uh, thank you. Uh, shall we?
You know what, I-I can't leave. I can't. It would be rude.
No, no. It's... not like he's going anywhere anyway.
Well, now that you mention it, uh, I guess I would like to try it. Yes, thank you.
Roar.
All right. Once again, I've had such a lovely evening.
I can still hear you, so no. Gosh, uh, you know, I'm parked out back, so I'll just slip out through the kitchen. I'm sure the valet can find you a cab.
Oh, it's not awkward at all. I'd be delighted to pay for your cab. Here we are. Bye-bye.
Hi! I hope I'm not too late.
Oh, well, let me be the first to offer my congratulations... to Seattle.
And please let me offer my services as a cultural attaché.
Well, I think this calls for a toast, uh, may I please see your list of champagnes please?
Ann.
No, no, of-of course not. Listen, there's a perfectly logical explanation for all this, which is...I'm sorry. I've-I've go to take that! Hello?
Oh, gosh, Dad, that sounds serious! You stay put, I'll be right there.
Ow, that's loud.
But Miss Wright...
I'm sorry, Ann.
You're right. I don't know what to say.
Are you seriously suggesting that...?
See you at 10:00?
Excuse me, excuse me! Did it occur to you that some of us might still be trying to sleep?
Yes, very impressive. Does she take requests?
Stop it!
I don’t want any breakfast, and please stop calling me that.
Yes, it’s mind-boggling. Listen, Dad, do you mind giving me a ride to work today? My car is in the shop.
Well, yeah, my seat-warmer’s stuck on high, so I tried to offset it by blasting the air conditioner, which resulted in sort of a fog bank on my dashboard.
Fine. Let me just make sure my will is in order, and I’ll be back in a minute.
Don’t use all the hot water!
You know, I got two steps in my room and realized I’d forgotten - ah, there it is.
You are a national treasure.
Niles! Thank God you’re here. Listen, there’s something I need to discuss with you.
Who?
Yes, yes, I know who Dr. Seuss is, you ninny. Who’s the other guy?
I was feigning interest to begin with. Niles, I-I need your advice on something. Uh, this morning, I-I heard Ronee on the phone make a date with another man.
I’m positive. She was talking to a man, yes, and in honeyed tones.
Here’s my predicament. I-I don’t want to meddle, but I also don’t want to see Dad get hurt. So, how do you suggest we tell him?
Yes, “we.”
You know as much as I do, I just briefed you.
Well, then you should have said something, now you’re in as deep as I am! You can’t unscramble an egg, Niles.
Yes...
Well, I’m afraid I’m not very well-connected in the doo-wop world, Dad. Uh, if there’s ever a “Mahler-palooza,” I’m your man.
That’s all right. It’s great to have a fling once in a while, isn’t it?
I see.
No.
Well, all right, if you insist on dragging it out of me. Something happened this morning, Dad.
Well, I was, uh, walking down the hall to retrieve my coffee, and, uh, Ronee was on the phone, and I didn’t want to interrupt, so I waited, and I heard her make a... a date with another man.
No.
Dad, it was completely by accident. I understand why you’d be upset, but please don’t shoot the messenger.
Dad, please!
Oh, well, I’m glad the two of you found that so amusing, but as you just heard, it is rude to listen in on other people’s conversations.
Oh, Niles, come on in.
Oh well, that was good luck, how did you manage it?
Well, my money clip. Have you seen it?
I’ve misplaced it, and it’s distracting me no end.
Oh well, I’m glad to hear that. He was just a bit vexed when he left me earlier this morning.
As we agreed!
Yes, “we.”
Oh, give it up, Niles! There’s blood on both our hands! Oh, gosh, I better go eat something. I’ve got my reading in twenty minutes.
Yes, yes, I’m, uh, reciting “Annabelle Lee” for the Poe Society this evening. I-I don’t mind telling you, I’m just a bit nervous.
Yes.
I didn’t know you two were home. Uh, I was just cleaning the oven, I must have dozed off.
Dad, please, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, let me explain-
I tried to announce myself, I had a mouthful of apple rendering me speechless!
You are just angry because I heard you lying to Ronee. You really expect to win Ronee’s heart by inventing fictitious girlfriends? “Sheila,” indeed!
Well, I did hear it.
Dad, you cannot build a relationship on lies!
Dad!
Fine!
Dad, what are you doing here? Hi, Roz. Uh, hello.
Okay, what the hell’s going on?
Oh, hi, Ronee.
So you’ve been pressed into service as Sheila, hmm?
Dad, when are you going to stop playing games and tell her how you feel?
How do you know you’re going to scare her off?
It’s not desperate to tell somebody how you feel about them.
What if she does and you never find out?
Dad... just give her a call and tell her you want to talk to her.
Was that a “leave me alone” grunt, or a “you’ve bested me again, son, with your unassailable logic” grunt?
I thought so.
Hey, Dad. What are you watching?
Sports wrap-up? Oh, that sounds like fun.
Oof! Oh, gosh, that’s not very sportsmanlike.
So?
Well, you did the right thing, Dad. I am proud of you.
Well, who said anything about dropping you?
Oh hi, Ronee.
Oh, uh... I was just heading out.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I love clubbin’.
Oh good, Niles, you’re back. How was the concert? Well, you’re the one who wanted that cloud mural. I’m sure Pope Julius had to jump through similar hoops to get Michelangelo to paint his ceiling.
Dear God, I think I’ve just realized where I must have dropped my money clip - Ronee’s car. She gave me a ride in it the day I lost it. Well, that’s irresponsible of her. She’s left it open.
Oh yes, of course.
There we are.
Anyway, I thought I’d swing by and take us both out for a nightcap. All right, great.
Oh, by the way, Niles, I spoke with Dad, and he has taken our advice about talking things over with Ronee. Mine and yours, that’s what I mean by “our!” Oh, take some responsibility for once in your life, man!
Hello, all.
What a glorious morning it is, isn't it? May I get my usual, please?
Yes, I'm like an eager school boy on his first day of fractions. So, how was the Van Laningdams' party last night? Weren't you lucky to snare an invitation?
Ah, the mood swings. Takes me back.
Thank you.
Actually, can we order in from them? You see, I'm booked except between the hours of 11:45 and 12:30.
Yes, well, I really want to pack in all I can. That's why I took the day off from my radio show.
Same to you, Skipper.
Not at all, won't you come in? I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, please, be seated.
First of all, welcome. Whether our journey together lasts for years or just one day, I can't tell you how excited I am to take this first step with you.
Oh, well, I see my first patient is here, if you could just see her in. Thank you.
Hello, Jane. Please, be seated, won't you? I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
First of all, welcome. Whether our journey together lasts for years or just for one day, I can't tell you how excited I am to take this first step with you.
Ah. I am in the media. So my face is recognizable. But don't let that inhibit you.
Please, what's on your mind?
I see. And is this sadness triggered by anything...
Yes, a few years ago.
Oh. Well, then I'm glad that we cleared that up. Now, this sadness of yours, is it a general...
Yes, well, you are now at a place where you can feel free to express your...
Well, perhaps we should discuss it.
I see.
No, no, please. It's important that you feel free to express yourself to me. Please, go on.
This isn't going to work, is it?
Okay.
Oh, please, not at all. It's just fine.
And best of luck conquering that constant sadness.
Already?
First of all, welcome. Whether our journey together lasts for years or just one day, I can't tell you how excited I am to take this first step with you.
That's all right Peggy.
That was my eleven.
Oh, dear. What's got Daphne all worked up now?
Maris?!
About what?
Can't you see her after lunch?
Before, then.
Hello, Dad.
Thank you. Why don't you have a seat?
Well, I'm just trying to figure out this chair from Stockholm Design. The instruction booklet alone would account for the high suicide rate.
Listen, how did things go with Maris?
So, Niles, what did you tell her?
Yes, I agree with Dad. Normally, I'm a proponent of telling the truth, but as a man who's dealt with a pregnant spouse, I say lie, lie until your pants are on fire.
Thank you, Peggy. Well, I'd love to stay here and chat, but duty calls.
Thank you, Peggy.
Hi, Carol. Please come in. Won't you sit down?
Welcome. Whether our journey lasts for several years or just for a day, I want you to know how excited I am to take this first step with you. So, what's on your mind?
Uh huh. How so?
There we are. Please, why don't you go ahead?
I'll tell you what, I'm just going to get another chair. And why don't you keep talking, if you like I can still hear you.
I can see how that would be very frustrating for you.
Look, I've had a very tough day. I'm entitled to a little comfort food before my evening appointment.
Thank you, Dad, for schooling me in the ancient ways.
Yes.
You've made a mistake.
Well, just a little unfortunate accident. Please, send her in.
Hello.
Hello, Shannon. Please, won't you be seated. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
Uh, first of all, welcome. Whether our journey together lasts for years or only just a day, I can't tell you how excited I am to take this first step with you.
Well, just relax. You know, many of my patients find it easier to open up if they're lying down.
It must be the air conditioning or something. Please continue.
The machine will get it.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, good lord!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
It's not my fault! It's just a trick I learned from my dad!
Well, Peggy, I'm afraid I won't really be needing anyone permanent.
I'm starting to think this return to private practice was a big mistake.
Nice meeting you, too.
Yes.
Oh, well uh, I was just about to put this day out of its misery, but please come in.
I'll just get it off your insurance form. Why don't you have a seat, Brad.
First of all, welcome. Whether this journey...well, forget it. Uh, what's troubling you?
You know, Brad, sometimes things take a little longer to turn in our favor than we think they should.
That depends. Tell me more, I'm listening.
What's got Daphne all worked up now?
Yes?
Niles! What have you heard?
As well as can be expected.
Well, we've all seen her murder many a lively dinner party.
Oh, come on, I'm joking. And haven't I earned the right to my gallows humor? After all, are you forgetting that just this afternoon I was punched in the face by a man now dead?
Thank you.
Ah.
Those beer-loving rascals! Tell it, Niles!
Oh, dear. Niles, they're in front of Maris's house now.
I'll stay with Daphne.
You know, that's going to go on all night. Do you want to just stay at my place?
Allow me. Hello? Yes, I'll tell her. That was your mother. She heard the news, she's on her way over.
Here, let me take that.
Well, you've got to admit, Niles, it doesn't look very good.
Oh, that must be the paper.
Oh, dear. It's on the front page.
Well, let me see. Ah, here we are, yes. Uh, "Maris Crane is believed to have gotten the crossbow from her ex- husband, Dr. Niles Crane, with whom she lunched on the day the murder."
"According to sources, Crane divorced the accused some years ago to marry her plastic surgeon, whom he left in order... to marry..." Oh, dear.
Yes, Niles is right. For example look, further on here it says, ha-ha, "Dr. Crane is the brother of local deejay, Frazer--with a 'Z'--Crane." You just have to laugh these things off.
Bravo, Niles, that's very healthy.
I'll call you later.
Well, how often does she call you?
No, no, absolutely not, Niles. That is the worst possible thing you could do. It would only fan the flames. I'll tell you what. Why don't you slip out the back way, and I will talk to them for you.
No, Niles, I insist. I'm used to dealing with these media jackals. You have no idea how they can twist your words with editing tricks and such. All right, off you go.
Recent events involving my brother, Niles Crane and his ex-wife are tragic, almost as tragic as the rampant media speculation concerning his involvement. If there is any justice in the world, Maris Crane and Niles Crane will soon be executed. Thank you, that is all I have to say.
I said no such thing. I did? I did. Excuse me? Excuse me! Come back!
Maris Crane and Niles Crane will soon be executed.
They know I meant "exonerated."
Oh, Daphne, Niles. Listen, I'm, I'm so sorry about today's little gaffe. You know what I meant.
Niles, once again, I'm so sorry...
You know, Niles, your good cheer in spite of everything is just remarkable.
Oh, Daphne, can I get you something?
Well, uh, I-I guess I deserved that, but may I remind you I'm a bit of a victim myself... as just yesterday I was punched in the face by a man... now dead.
Thank you.
I'll say, these are imported from Belgium.
A little too well. I'm starting to fear he's not dealing with his emotions at all.
Dad, it's called "repression" and it is not healthy. The man is a walking pressure-cooker. It's his senior year all over again.
Oh, that's right. He swore me to secrecy. Well...
Niles got mono and he missed four weeks of class, right? So, he was studying around the clock trying to catch up. Just before finals, his girlfriend dumped him - for his roommate. Niles insisted he was just fine - right up until the very moment when they found him in the all-night grocery, sitting in a freezer bin talking to a bag frozen corn, whispering "Why so cold, my love?"
Sherry, Niles?
To the balcony?
Niles, while I admire your initial fortitude, I can't help thinking you may have taken things to extremes. As you know, it can be dangerous to repress one's emotions.
Are you sure you're not too detached?
What in the hell?!
That doesn't bother you?!
Oh, for heaven's sake, get inside! You should be ashamed of yourselves! You know perfectly well I meant EXONERATED!!
Hello, Niles.
What's going on?
Well, uh, Niles, maybe you should put some clothes on.
Niles, look at yourself.
I think a lot of people are having that dream. We have to go now, Niles.
But! - you're not getting in my car like that.
It's just a panic attack. It's happened before, but he's never been quite this close to butterfly-net territory.
May I have your apron, please?
And, and yours?
All right, Niles. I'm going to wrap you up like a big, green Christmas present. You like Christmas, don't you?
There we are.
Wow, Roz, that was persuasive.
Well, it was already. You've been asleep for twenty hours.
Oh, Niles, you didn't embarrass me one bit. Well, maybe just a little... On our way to the car the breeze from a passing school bus turned your apron into a cape, and...
Now there's the Niles that's been missing in action.
That's the stuff, Niles, doesn't it feel good to get it off your chest?
I did no such thing!
Oh, fine! Fine! Turn your anger on me. It's almost as if you'd forgotten that not three days ago I was punched in the face by a man now dead.
Thank you! Now who wants pancakes?
What? That gun is still around?
Dad, two years ago I demanded you get rid of it and you said you did. Don’t tell me it’s still in your closet.
Well, I don’t want it here in my apartment.
Mm, yeah, oh well, I was having the most distressing dream. I was climbing up a volcano that was spewing ice instead of lava.
Oh, what’s this?
Oh damn, I completely forgot. Lilith is in town for a one-day conference. Now I’ll have to cancel lunch to see her.
No, no, she’ll only be hurt, and of course she’ll, she’ll dredge it up the next time she needs an emotional trump card. Ooh! Maybe I can trick her into canceling lunch on me!
We tried talking when we were married. We were better at games. Hello, Lilith, it’s Frasier. Gosh, I’m so sorry. I was on my way to breakfast, and, uh... I-I swerved to avoid hitting a Pomeranian, and I-I ran up on the curb and blew a tire. All right, well, maybe you could come by here for lunch.
She won’t, she won’t. Okay, then. All right, see you here around 1:00, okay.
Damn - she came to play.
Oh hi, Roz.
Oh, damn! Again?
Oh, I’m terribly sorry. Please, go ahead.
No, I insist. After you.
All right, uh, a macchiato for here.
No, no, we’re a, a rare breed. Spartan... rugged...
Just a sprinkle. So, is this your first time here?
Oh well, then that entitles you to a complimentary beverage. These are on me.
No.
Well, it sounds intriguing.
All right, then.
Roz, have you ever been set up on a date with someone whose name you didn’t know?
Well, I just met this woman who’s in town on business. She asked me to join a friend of hers for a drink at the Marina Tavern.
Oh, that’s what I thought. I wonder why she wouldn’t give me her name?
I’m not sure that’s something you want to admit knowing, Roz.
I’m not sure that’s something you want to admit either.
Oh, hello, Mrs. Richman.
Hello, all. What’s going on?
Oh, really? Oh, Niles, have you changed your mind about my new statue? Yesterday you said it was sterile and unmoving.
Well, I’d love to stay and gloat, but I have a very intriguing date for which I must get ready.
Thank you, Dad. Oh, what’s this?
Oh, dear... damn! I’ve got an exciting mystery date, and who should rear her head at the last minute but Lilith!
Good thinking, Dad! I can dispense with the pleasantries and be on my way!
You know, on second thought...
...maybe I should invite Lilith here so that I can have more time to get ready.
You’re quite right – but, then, should I change or am I fine the way I am?
Well then, I’ll just see you all later.
Hi, Lilith. I’m sorry I’m late. Traffic was a bear. It’s good to see you.
Anyway, I’m sorry about all the missed connections today, but at least we have a chance to catch up, however briefly.
Ha! One minute!
Not if I’m keeping you from something.
Oh, really?
Not at all. Actually, I’m running late for a date myself.
No. It is with a woman – a very vibrant, sexy woman.
Well, listen, if you’re running late, and you need to cancel our drink...
Well, I canceled on you twice, that would make us even.
Ah.
Oh, no, not at all. My absence will only make her heart grow fonder. You mind if I use the bathroom?
Please don’t leave, please don’t leave, please don’t leave... Hello? Miss Mocha Valencia? Yes, Macchiato Man here. Uh, listen, I’m glad I caught you.
Uh well, something’s come up and I’m afraid I have to—
Fine.
Off?
Oh, really? Well, please tell your “friend” that I wasn’t exactly bowled over by her first thoughts!
I don’t even know what that means.
I’d say, “don’t get too comfortable in that glass.”
Well, this is nice.
Freddy tells me he dissected a frog.
Lilith, you seem preoccupied. Is this about your blind date tonight?
Well, for what it’s worth, whoever this guy is... he’ll feel awfully lucky when you walk through the door.
Oh, right. Well, I guess I should be going, yes.
Although, you know, you are here for just one night. Perhaps I could call and push things back a bit?
Great.
Oh, I’ll just trot out my stand-by, it works every time. Simply say that I swerved to avoid hitting a Chihuahua, ran up on a curb and blew a tire.
Well, this morning it was.
So I’m in the middle of this date from hell, when Kenny walks in with his cousin, whom I’d passed on sight unseen. Turns out she’s not only gorgeous, but her name is actually Miss Wright.
Mm-hmm.
Say, are there any more kettle chips in the mini-bar?
Ah.
Boy, that takes you back, doesn’t it?
You know, I’m just going to ask them to be quiet.
Yes, uh... it’s all right. You see, we overheard your quarrel, and in the interest of keeping the peace and quiet, maybe we could offer some assistance.
Oh, can you, Sean? You don’t even know what you did.
Please, won’t you come in? I’m Dr. Frasier Crane, this is Dr. Lilith Sternin. We are psychiatrists.
Please, come and sit down.
All right then. What seems to be the problem?
Well, maybe. Shot in the dark here – your parents are divorced, Dad left Mom?
And you, you care about this woman?
Then keep your eyes in your head! It bugs her, and it’s bad form.
Actually...
Likewise, likewise. You seem like a really nice young couple, and I’m sure you’ll understand if I lock the door. Good night.
Back at you, Dr. Sternin. I’d suggest that we try a high-five, but I recall we attempted that once after a bridge victory and you scratched my cornea.
Right.
Good luck on your-your romantic adventure this evening. Don’t you worry — you’re going to knock his socks off...
You’re kidding.
Well, there’s no need to beat yourself up about it.
It’s understandable. Just a face-saving gesture in the light of...
All right, yes. It’s a banner day for both of us. I tell you, all this lying has certainly worked up my appetite. You want to get some room service?
Okay.
Certainly beats sitting alone, wondering what we missed out on this evening, hmm?
Hmm? Hmm... oh! Oh, gosh, I’m sorry. Oh, I must have dozed off during the movie.
Uh, it’s almost six.
Right, right. Well, I’ll just get out of your hair. Listen, Lilith, dinner was lovely last night. I had a great time.
Absolutely. Well listen, have a safe trip and all that, and give Freddy a hug for me.
All right.
You know, it’s funny...
Well, I was just thinking that if we had never met, we’re exactly the kind of people that somebody might set up on a blind date.
Ah, yes. It’s amusing to consider though, you know? What would we think of each other if were just meeting now for the first time?
Ah, true. But then that raises many other questions. I mean, what sort of man would the non-Lilith Frasier be? What sort of woman...?
Of course.
We do have our baggage, don’t we? But then sometimes that’s what makes the trip so interesting.
Good-bye, Lilith.
Well, Dad's done it again. That was Dr. Jennings’s office on the phone. He's skipped his physical again today.
Yes, well I didn't see you volunteering this afternoon.
If only we had some way of knowing if he was about to arrive.
So. How was your exam today?
EKG?
Hope they took a full blood panel.
Well, all right Dad, fine. If you don't like him, why don't you go to see my doctor, she's one of the finest gastroenterologists in this city.
Niles, surely you could recommend someone?
Niles!
Ooh, Lichtenstein. He sounds perfect.
Oh, now just hang on a second there, mister. I will make the arrangements and I will escort you personally.
So Niles, what's Dr. Newman's number?
...Niles? NILES!
Dad, Dad, just relax. Read a magazine. Oh, here, here. Take the Cosmo quiz.
Would you mind doing that quietly, it's not an oral exam.
Oh, just the compulsives. It was part of their therapy. Relax there, I'll take care of it.
Dad, relax. He'll be here any minute. You know Dad, I was just struck by one of life's little ironies. I remember you taking me to the doctor, and now here I am taking you.
Oh boy, was I scared. I remember you holding my hand.
All right dad, look, I'll check and see if there's someone substituting for him.
Dad? I'm afraid the doctor won't be able to make your appointment today.
Dad, Dad, Dad – Dr. Newman is dead. He died an hour ago.
I mean, there he was, walking down his walkway this morning and, he bends over to pick up his newspaper and BANG! - he drops dead of a heart attack. It's just... God, you know? I pick up my newspaper every day. And the Sunday Times is very heavy, I'm thinking of canceling.
“These things happen?” Roz, how can you say that? My God, this was not an old man, he was my age.
Don't you ever think about you're own mortality? Don't you ever think about dying?
Someone certainly has a very high opinion of herself.
Why is it that every time we try to have a serious discussion, we end up talking about your sex life?
Niles, thank you so much for coming at such short notice.
Pump iron? Niles, you don't even pump your own gas.
Well, it's this: Dr. Newman dying at such a young age really threw me for a loop. I was trying to figure out why, and I finally realized that I hadn't made the proper provisions for my own death.
First, the pertinent information. I've prepared copies for each of you. The location and numbers of my bank accounts; my safety deposit keys; the number for my attorney... Niles, what are you doing? Oh, give me that!
Now, the distribution of my personal possessions.
No, no Daphne, please, I'd like you to stay. I'll come to you later. Dad, Niles, I'd like you to put your names on these stickers, and place them on any object you'd like bequeathed to you.
Dad, what happens if I die tomorrow, you and Niles end up in an argument about... well, that African mask, for instance?
Okay, fine. Now we come to the issue of... my remains.
I've arranged every detail in this easy-to-read binder.
Michaelson's.
Well, there is just one more duck to put in the row. I've done some research and I've discovered that most unexpected deaths occur in the home. And Daphne, this is where you come in, the actual finding of the body.
Well, perhaps dad's right. Maybe we should just drop the subject. Well, thank you. This meeting has actually made me feel better, I think I can handle my mortality a bit better now. Well, enough talk about death. Let's celebrate life with a bottle Chateau Certair '75
Well, perhaps a bottle of Beaujolais Nouveau would be more appropriate.
Dad, please, shh. I'm trying to listen to my heartbeat. Amazing thing, the human heart. You know, it can pump eighteen hundred gallons of blood through it each and every day, but the tiniest tear in the tiniest part of the tiniest artery and “poof,” you're gone.
Oh, so did I. What is the matter with me? I guess I thought that putting my affairs in order would help me to deal with this thing, but it hasn't. I... I can't seem to get over the feeling that no matter how remote the possibility, something could happen to me. Jeez, I'd miss so much. I'd never get to see my son hit his first home run. It'd be a terrible thing for a father to miss.
So what did you do?
Just like that?
You were this close to helping me there, Dad.
Yes, but he was just like me. Highly educated, sophisticated, at the top of his profession; I saw a picture of him in a medical journal, he even looked like me. Same determined chin, sweater vest and ever-so-slightly receding hairline.
Actually, you're on to something there, dad. Yeah, yeah. For all I know he could have had high blood pressure, popped pills, drank like a fish...
I'm gonna find out what caused his heart attack. That's the only way I can disassociate myself from him. There's got to be some reasonable explanation. That's great, dad. Actually, I do feel better now.
Niles... the vultures are circling.
Hello? Hello. I called earlier, someone said Mrs. Newman would be here?
Dr. Frasier Crane. My sincerest condolences. So, I didn't think Mrs. Newman would have company.
Excuse me?
Oh – oh, yes. Oh, of course, of course. I didn't realize that Gary was Jewish, you see.
Uh, well no. Ah, well, you know, we were pretty close friends, spent a lot of time together – well, never on Friday nights, of course - but ah, you know, maybe I should come back another time.
Oh, she looks busy. I can wait.
Ah. I didn't realize this was a mirror, I thought that maybe you were having an unveiling later.
No, no. My, my ex-wife is, though. And, ah, so and thus my son is. Which makes me, ah, sort of... well I guess you could say... No, I'm not Jewish.
Ah. Ah well, you look very nice.
Dr. Frasier Crane. My deepest sympathies.
Yes, yes.
Well, yes. Yes, yes I did. Well I, there's so much more I wanted to know about the man. You see, ah... well oh, I don't know, ah... how was his health before he died?
History of heart disease?
High blood pressure?
High cholesterol?
Do you know what his HDL was in comparison to his LDL?
I'm sorry. I'm asking too many questions. You know how doctors are, always looking for the answers to the mysteries of life.
Yes. I'm sorry for your loss.
Oh? So Gary had a fondness for fattening desserts, did he?
Oh. Oh, so he was sedentary all week, then he was burning up the court on Sundays. Well, that can be very straining on the heart, you know...
My goodness. Has anybody checked to see if he's really dead? I'm sure they did check, those people are very thorough. Oh my, is that Krugle? Excuse me.
I'm Dr Frasier Crane, I was a friend of your husband’s.
Yes, the radio.
Well, we weren't actually friends. He had an office in my brother’s building.
Well, actually I... there's a reason I came to talk with you.
It's about Gary. About how he, er...
Look, I'm sorry I've bothered you. Ah, I really just came to offer my sympathies.
Mrs. Newman, I... I know you'd like me to come up with some grand answer to this whole thing. But I, I don't have one. There are none. Someone who consumes nothing but cigarettes and cheeseburgers all his life can live to be eighty-three, and someone who takes care of himself can die at forty-one. It's unfair. Believe me, there's no explanation for it. Believe me, I've checked. But, I suppose the best we can do is live for the little joys and surprises life affords us. You can't spend your life being obsessed with death.
No. No I'm not. Well, thank you for letting me be here today.
Yes.
If only I believed it myself.
He most certainly is not. He dined on that lovely can of bacon fat you've been hiding under the sink.
Ironic, considering its vast health benefits for humans.
Oh, that's all right, we're not having lunch until 1:15.
Really? Some sort of... charity event?
Sounds like fun. Anyway, I thought after lunch we might stop by the museum for the Goya exhibit.
Tomorrow? But the museum's closed tomorrow.
Well, with all the rarified elbows you've been rubbing lately, I'm surprised you could find the time for lunch with a commoner like me.
I have no idea what you're talking about. Step aside! Don't want her to slip it under the door!
Isn't it nice to know there are still honest people in the world?
Yes, yes. I'm afraid we'll have to be lunching at Vindaloo. I couldn't get us in at Le Toque.
Well, they swore that they were absolutely booked solid.
Oh, hi.
Yes, I sensed that when you patched through Wanda, who wanted to know what our soup of the day was.
Well, that's a compliment.
Well, if it's any comfort, Niles has been perfectly insufferable of late. This whole Maris affair has gained him some minor notoriety, he's been... flaunting it like a tattered boa. I'm trying to do the right thing and rise above it, of course, but there are times I just want to step on his feet. And hard, too.
How do you do?
Thank you.
I know.
Denise, having fun on your trip?
Now, Roz. At least she's trying. She did get you a gift, after all. And look, it's very chic and expensive, I'm sure.
All right, she's a bitch.
The nominations are in?
Roz!
Oh, my God, I'm, I'm so flattered. I hope you two will join me at my table.
Of course.
Oh look. It's Niles.
If it comes up.
Thank you, no, Kenny. Let others engage in that sort of shameless self-promotion. I'm not interested in playing that sort of game. Oh, Niles.
Oh, really. Where's he playing?
Well, speaking of glamorous parties, Niles, wait until...
Seen what?
Give me that.
Uh huh. "Dr. Niles Crane - Hot, Dr. Frasier Crane..." well, you can see where they're going with this. Well, we'll just see who's not hot when the winter/spring issue of Seattle Broadcaster comes out. For your information, Niles, I have recently...
Kenny, about that article...
Hello? Yes, well, when would be a good time for you? Oh, I've just had the greatest idea: Why don't you interview me while we're at the SeaBee Awards? Yes, it will be a freewheeling chat against a glittering backdrop. Splendid! I will see you anon.
Because I want to see him at my best, Roz. Do you realize, I'm giving the opening remarks this year? And if I do say so myself, they will change you.
Perfect! All I was lacking was the appropriate piece of arm candy to accompany me and there she is.
A neighbor of mine in the building, whose acquaintance I have recently made.
Well, I've worked my magic! That magnificent creature will be accompanying me on Saturday night!
Well... of course they're not.
Roz, who would ever plan an awards ceremony on a Saturday morning?
Oh, don't forget I'll pick you up seven-thirty, Saturday morning. Bye-bye.
I did mention that, didn't I? Oh, gosh, it seems the SeaBeas is going to be a cheery breakfast event this year. But the good news is, actually I'll be able to get you home by noon. Bye-bye.
Well, somebody better. I'm being profiled, it's going to look like I can't even scare up a date.
Cindy, where are you? Listen, this thing's about to start. Well, I'm sorry you broke your heel, but can't you just put on a different pair of shoes? Oh, your actual heel. Ouch. Well, uh, feel better.
There's a face I'm happy to see.
Not you, Roz. Listen, Denise, uh, could you do me a small favor?
You see, my date didn't show up and there's a reporter here today doing a story on me and could you pretend to be my date?
Oh, hi.
Lovely to see you, thanks for coming.
Yes, yes and this is my dad, Martin Crane. Dad, could you move over one for Randall?
And I'd like you to meet my date, the lovely and talented Denise Dawson.
So, I'm so glad you can join us on our gala morning.
No, but then the SeaBeas have always been the wayward maverick of awards shows. In fact I kind of touch on that in my opening remarks, while hewing to my original theme: Communication as the Engine of Social Progress.
What's Niles doing here?
He's doing a profile of me. A Day in the Life of Frasier Crane.
Oh, I guess it's time for me to give my opening remarks.
You just sit tight and I'll be back in twenty minutes.
Good morning. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane and it is my great honor to stand before you, my fellow luminaries and welcome you to the Seattle Broadcasting Awards. I hope to do justice to the dignity of this most august occasion.
I've been asked to inform everyone that we are running low on sausage. So if you would please limit yourselves to one link or patty. Thank you.
I'm not finished.
Oh, thank you.
This is for you, my dear.
Okay. Hurry back, love.
So, Randy, where were we?
Well, Niles, you should have powdered your nose if you planned to spend so much time in my spotlight.
Well, stop it!
Well, it's all right. I'm still up for best host.
Now, now, Denise....
No, listen, Denise...
There's no need for you to write that down.
Well it better, because this whole show has been a nightmare. Except it can't be a nightmare because it's MID-MORNING!
No, please, don't go. Listen, the show will be over very soon. They actually have a bat mitzvah booked for noon so maybe we could finish up in the lobby.
Don't you dare! You have been monopolizing that man's time all morning.
You should talk! You've been the ringmaster of your own media circus for the last week!
If you think I am jealous of your tawdry notoriety, then you don't know who I am.
You go too far!
Is he all right?
What?
Really? Nobody's ever done it before? But...I don't have anything prepared.
The SeaBeas, now are at an end We hope you've made a friend Or two...
And the SeaBeas Have great freebies, Just pick up your bag At the door to your right.
The SeaBeas, we hope your day was great, And, yes, we validate, Right there.
See Rico, Eduardo or Jen, They'll bring it round the bend, A Hyundai or a Benz The SeaBeas are through.
Oh hey, Dad.
Oh yes, I believe I will, thank you.
Everyone doesn’t sit around reading the newspaper, actually slurping from a bowl full of jelly.
I am saving that seat for someone who may not wish to have it bedewed with pig sweat.
Oh, Natalie!
Hi.
This is my father, Martin Crane. Uh, Natalie Blanc of the Seattle Tourism Board. She wants me to do a promo for her. He was just leaving.
Yes, and he’s smart as a chimp too! Off you go!
Please. It’s so lovely to finally meet you.
Have a seat. So, tell me about this promo.
“Anybody feel like taking a walk? Then come to Seattle.”
I’m “een!” You know, it’s funny, when you called me at the last minute, there was a small, madly insecure part of me that wondered if I was your second choice.
Yes, there are times when I could just squeeze him to death!
It’s called a spot, Dad.
Well, I suppose there’s no harm in a little window dressing.
Oh, knock it off. You didn’t even know that term until ten seconds ago.
Well, it went splendidly, Dad. I thought you were going with Niles to the airport to pick up Freddie.
Ah yes, that magical time of year when the Great Wall of China and my apartment are the only two man-made structures visible from space.
I must say I’m really excited about seeing Freddie this trip.
Oh gosh, everything from whale-watching to a trip to the garlic festival.
Niles, Daphne...! Where’s Frederick?
Oh, priceless! You know, just when you worried that he’s on the brink of terrible teendom, there he is, still just a little boy who wants to play in the elevator.
There he is...
Freddie, why are you dressed like this?
Listen, Freddie, I don’t understand. Um, the Goths were plunderers. Apart from your tendency to be overaggressive with your rooks at chess camp, I don’t see the connection.
I didn’t mean anything by it, I simply thought... Oh, dear God! Well, thank you Lilith, for mentioning this little development!
Well, I had shin splints at the time, so it was really more a brisk nude walk.
Thank you, Niles.
Freddie, hi. Listen, I was thinking maybe we could take in a movie tonight.
Your friend Andi from school is here?
But you just got here.
Well, doesn’t that have a familiar ring to it? The weary holiday traveler and his pregnant wife seeking kindness from a stranger...
...I’m afraid I am, yes. So...
Oh!
Oh, that’s wonderful news. Listen, I realize you’re dashing off, but do you think we could celebrate tonight over a drink?
Could you say that again?
Oh yes, I do. I just love hearing you say it.
Let me get that for you.
Yes, take care.
Yes. She’s the one I told you about. The girl with the accent.
God, she could read me the phone book, and I would melt like an overripe Camembert. Imagine what she would do with that – Camembert.
Reblochon.
We’re terrible!
Well, at least it will be nice to have something to do this evening – for a change.
Yes, they’re going to a concert this evening. And, of course, I don’t begrudge him a social life, it’s just that I feel so rejected.
You know, when one has something they’d clearly rather do than spend time with you, it just feels like...
What the hell are you doing?
Who?
How?
Yes.
Positive.
Niles!
What?
And exactly which of your connections in the Seattle demimonde is going to get you this reefer?
Oh.
Well, you’re not leaving that thing with me.
No, no, no, I refuse.
Just stop that, stop that. It is illegal. I will have nothing to do with it, for God’s sakes. What do you take me for, some kind of common drug mule?
Oh, hey Dad.
I’ll see you back at home.
Hey, Freddie. Oh, Andi. How was the mall?
Oh gosh, this must be my tourism promo! I’ll tell you what – why don’t we have a look at it?
Oh, come on, Freddie. You can spare a couple of minutes to check out your old man’s debut as a spokesman.
All right, where is that...? Here we go.
Oh, dear God!
It is not goth! It’s outrageous! It’s like some hideous Frankenstein hybrid of me and that no-talent dog!
What?
I’m sorry, Frederick, you’re not staying anywhere until I hear from her uncle first.
I’m sorry, but that is the rule.
My problem is that you’ve hardly spent one minute here since you arrived! Now you tell me you have plans all day tomorrow.
I’d like to know when you’re going to be home.
Tomorrow, okay? I’ll have her uncle call you. I never should have come here in the first place.
Freddie...
Just another joyous holiday moment with my son to be pasted into my scrapbook.
Didn’t intend to, no.
All right. What’s up?
No.
Oh, Niles! You realize that this is illegal? Did you actually drive yourself here?
I judge by all this rich terminology that you’ve done some research?
And this is all to prove a point to Dad?
You know, I’ve got to go put a jacket on for my date. Why don’t you go see if you can help Dad at the door?
Do you mind?
Oh, I see. Now you’re such a big star that the whole world has to revolve around you. Fine.
I’ll tell you what. You just gloat all you like. This is not over between us!
I know what you’re doing!
You’re sitting there thinking you’re the king! Well, you’re not!
All right, I’m off to my date. Oh, for heaven’s sake, Niles! That knife is as sharp as a machete. You should not be chopping with it in your condition. Do that for him, will you, Dad?
Dad, where are your pants?
Dad, when you were at the café today, you didn’t eat a brownie that Roz brought for Niles, did you?
For God’s sake! That was a pot brownie! You’re stoned off your ass!
Oh, knock it off, you imbecile, you’re as sober as I am!
It’s all right, Dad.
I’ll be in there in a minute to check on you.
Didn’t it occur to you that he was behaving strangely?
Oh, Niles, please, will you drop the drug lingo?
Yes well, at least you had a better night than I did. Halfway through our date, Natalie got a phone call - an emergency at home. I decided to take a little walk. Twenty minutes later I saw her in a different bar with another man.
Not unless he had an infected earlobe which required an immediate tongue-flicking. It’s been a hell of a Christmas.
Truth be told, I’m most disappointed about how things turned out with Frederick. I’ve just felt us drifting apart lately, and I was hoping that we could bond again on this trip.
You’re a good man, Niles. In a way, isn’t that rebelling against rebellion?
All right, look at it this way – you did get our cop father stoned tonight.
Yeah.
Hmm... Oh, madness!
Frederick.
What are you doing home? I thought you were spending the night at Andi’s.
Did something happen at the concert?
Are you sure? I can’t help noticing your mascara’s run a little.
Ah... another boy?
I’m sorry, son. These things happen, and... well, they always stink.
It may have. Tell you what – you know, I’ve got a box of that cereal you used to like. What do you say I pour us a bowl and I’ll tell you a story or two.
I’ll pour you a big bowl.
Well, Morrie, if you’re not cheating on your wife, and she still suspects you, then we’re obviously dealing with a trust issue.
Perhaps we should tackle these issues one at a time...
Well, perhaps what is needed here is...
Celeste, if I could interrupt for just a moment...
And neither is this conversation. Well, that's our show for today, with a brief program note. My KACL colleagues and I are competing against a team at KPXY to see who can shed the most pounds for charity. We're off to our first weigh-in right now. You can keep track of our progress on Channel 6's Coffee with Kelly. Wish us luck.
Why?
Well, it hardly seems in the spirit of the competition. The entire purpose here is to raise awareness about the obesity epidemic in this country...
I will do no such thing! It is not fair, and it is unsportsmanlike.
Oh, it was appalling, thank you. My teammates ridiculed me for not pigging out beforehand. You know what is it about teams and, and competitions that just brings out the worst in people?
There is no need to tell that story.
The sign-up sheet said "F. Hockey." I assumed it meant “freshman” hockey.
I thought it was a kilt!
Kenny, who's that last guy on their team?
So...we meet again, Wayne Shafter.
We went to high school together. He was the captain of the football team - Mr. Popularity - and my chief rival for the affections of our Swedish exchange student Giselle Johannson- Janson.
Great. We got married and had six kids. What do you think?
Wayne Shafter?
Frasier Crane.
Oh, you know, not much. Harvard, Oxford, M.D., Ph. D., and then just recently, I...
You did not make me cry. I chose to cry as a tactic to elicit sympathy and thereby regain my chess set.
I don't know. It was never found.
Hi, Kelly!
Well, that can't be, I've added a salad to every meal.
Listen. Muscle weighs more than fat, you know, and the way I've been working out lately...
Oh, shut up, Shafter, you're a cruller.
I'll tell you what, we are going to win this competition, Mister. And when we do, you will replace that chess set.
You're on, you fat scoundrel.
All right.
Walked upstairs.
Burning calories.
I've decided to rededicate myself to this diet. The opposing team is captained by my old high school nemesis, Wayne Shafter.
Thick neck, dead eyes... snapped your PBS umbrella.
For the next two weeks, I shall be a speed-walking, calorie- burning, pound-shedding machine. Daphne, didn't you purchase some sort of stomach-tightening apparatus for Dad?
Right. I'll tell you what. Bring me both of them. I'll put them together, see if I can get a real good workout going.
So... is that bird nesting in my cashmere scarf?
All right, that's it. I want that sky rat out of here.
Eddie is a pet. He doesn't get to have a pet.
People! People, STOP IT!
Now, listen, I understand that we're all a bit cranky...
We've only got one day more to go. We can't crack now when we're this close to victory! All right, everyone - take a deep breath.
Yes, Roz, cough it all up. We don't want any extra phlegm
Now, that's the team spirit! We may be dieting, but we can still nourish ourselves on some good office fellowship. Please give Gina my regards as well.
Oh, it's a good team... Good people...
Good God! Wait! It's not worth it! It's sheetcake!
Oh, come on in, Dad.
Well, we had a bit of a discipline breakdown. We've all agreed to spend the last twelve hours before the final weigh- in policing each other. It's a good thing you had dinner out. I've purged the apartment of all foodstuffs.
He passes out from time to time, but not to worry, I'm sure the next searing stomach cramp will bring him around.
There you are. You can set your watch by him. All right, everybody. I believe my bathroom has probably finished its transformation into a steam room by now. If you'll all join me, we can relax and sweat off a few extra ounces.
Another half an hour.
All right, just relax, team. Feel the steam literally melting the pounds away.
Good point. I'll just go check on him.
Kenny... what did you just eat?
You have a toothpick!
Dear God!
This ravenous madman's just eaten a live pigeon!
Stop it! Stop it! Stop this madness! Look at yourselves!
Dear God, we are hours away from victory and look at you, plucking around the floor like a clutch of crazed capons. Try to conjure up some image to give us strength. Imagine yourselves winning. Imagine yourselves in Vegas!
Okay. Everybody take off your watches, jewelry, hairpins, shoes, anything that'll add just an ounce of weight.
Oh, yeah? I'm going to be so busy playing with that new chess set you're gonna buy me that I won't even have time to put on my skirt... Not that I still have it!
Yes, I did, Shafter.
The Rook Nook. Ask for Cyril. Tell him you were sent by Dr. Frasier Crane...
PSYCH...
...iatrist.
You know, I heard the most extraordinary thing on the radio today.
No, I was referring to the fact that Maris has been released on bail.
Oh hey, Dad. Why don't you pull up a chair?
Dear God, Dad, that's my home insurance payment. I asked you to mail this three months ago.
No wonder my agent's been calling me. My policy's probably been cancelled! Yes, Jim Sunquist, please. ... Yeah, Jim, it's Frasier Crane. ... Yes, I know. I've just discovered that myself. Listen, how much to renew? ... What? Well, I'm gonna have to think that over. ... Uh, right, I'll call you. Thanks, Jim.
Scandinavian shyster! Cold-hearted, glad-handed, highway-robber, phony big-toothed smiling son of a bitch insurance man!
Not you, Jim. Love to Marie.
Damn! Now I'm going to have to pay twice as much!
Oh, Roz, have you lost your mind? I never want to see that woman again.
Oh, a friend of Roz's. We had a stunningly bad date, during which my behavior was...less than chivalrous.
Which I concede was less than chivalrous.
I suppose spending ten minutes with the woman won't kill me.
Oh, for God's sake, Jim, hang up already!
Hi, Dad. What have you got there?
Also known as quail. Think you can get a plate before you start dripping mayonnaise all over the place?
Oh, and by the way: Until this home is insured once again, there will be no more barbecuing or deep frying.
Since when do you have a hot plate?!
Yes, well, unplug everything!
Hello, Ann. Please, won't you come in? This is my father, Martin Crane.
Yes, I hope that you're being here means that you've forgiven me?
Yes, and I would've deserved one, too. Here, let me take your coat. You're going to want to look around the place before you write up the policy.
Oh, thank you. Thank you very much.
Can I get you something to drink?
Ann?
Oh, dear. Well, is there a friend or a family member that we could call to come get you?
Watch it on the turns there, Doc. Precious cargo.
I hope you enjoyed your sandwich. It may end up costing me my apartment.
Oh, come on, Dad, she's an INSURANCE WOMAN. If anybody knows anything about milking money out of an injury, it's her.
I have no insurance!
That's good, that's good. But she's too dangerous to be left alone with her thoughts right now. We've got to try the personal approach. I tell you what, why don't we inviter her to spend a few days recuperating in our apartment?
Friends do not sue friends!
Ann, listen, Dad and I were just talking. We thought maybe you should just stay at our place, until you get used to your crutches.
Sure. That's what friends do.
You play the trumpet?
Dear God. Which sponge?
Well, what do you think, it's been a vacation for me? I have cooked her meals, I have massaged her feet. I have also wildly applauded her trumpet rendition of "Froggy Went A-Courtin'".
But I have won her over. There will be no discussion of a lawsuit tomorrow when I send her a-packin'.
Oh, hi, Niles.
Oh, thank you Niles.
Oh, yes, please. Thank you.
Dear God.
Continue.
Yes, uh, bumbling old man, I'm terribly sorry.
Bye-bye, Niles. Well, wait 'til you see what I've made you for dinner tonight. Your favorite: mac and cheese with sliced hot dogs.
Next month?!
Uh, aren't you afraid to leave your apartment unattended for an entire month?
No, I've been here a while. Can't bring myself to go in. Not with her in there.
She's getting better.
Oh, Roz, there's no way I'm going to get her to sign this. But I have a better plan: I've just booked passage for her and her mother on a two week cruise to Alaska. That way I'll get her out of my home, but we'll still feel like we're friends.
Thank you. Roz, I've been meaning to ask you: how did you ever become friends with Ann? I mean, she's really not your type, is she?
Oh, the tickets arrived.
Well, I'd hoped she would be.
You told her I was taking you?
Ann...
Hold that thought, while Bunny goes and pours himself a big ol' glass o' wine.
I don't know what I'm gonna do with you either.
Oh, it's nothing. Just some work stuff.
No.
No!
No, never!
I realize that you're angry now, Bunny...
All right, fine! Go ahead and sue! I am fed up with this charade! This was an accident! I have cared for you, I have waited on you, I have pumiced your heels and set your HAIR! Well, if that's not enough for you, so be it! I don't care anymore, I will not BEG! You can take me to the cleaners but you cannot take my dignity!
Oh dear God, please, no! Pleas, no, no, please! Please, please don't sue me! My...things, my beautiful, beautiful things. I love them so...
No.
You will?
Thank you, Ann. I'm sorry it had to come down to all this, this legal business. If it were up to me, I would tear up this piece of paper and forget everything that's happened here.
And, uh, here.
And...here.
So, you were the decoys. It's ingenious.
So, that's it. No more Maris.
Well, then, let's drink a toast to her. Well, just a drop left.
There we go.
We still have a few minutes left, and all our lines are open. Uh, shall I attempt another joke?
All right, then. Come on, callers, don't be shy. There's still time to talk with the good doctor. Five open lines.
Who's this, then, Roz? On line one, uh, whom do we have? I understand we have... Susan, who recently moved here from... Texas.
Go ahead, Susan, I'm listening.
I see, and why did you do that?
That couldn't have been easy for you.
Yes, I'm afraid we're out of time. I will finish with you off the air, Susan. Meanwhile, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying Good Day, Seattle, and Good Mental Health.
Well, thank you, Thelma. Or is it Louise?
I'm sorry, Roz, but I was desperate. You know, I really think you were closer with that character yesterday--the young teen who moved into the town that had banned dancing. Now that, that had the tang of reality.
I hate people.
In a perfect ending to a perfect day, the driver next to me swerved to avoid hitting a squirrel, running me into a pothole and drenching me in coffee. I hate squirrels, too.
My show today was a fiasco. For the second day in a row, we had virtually no callers. It's getting harder and harder to blame it on Roz.
Oh wait, there was one caller. My date for Saturday night called to cancel because I am not her type. Oh, and guess what? Her honesty was not refreshing.
Dear God, we're out of sherry. Insult... made injury.
Oh. Well, being home alone for the weekend might be just the thing for someone in my state of mind. Me... and my shadow a life.
Oh really, Dad? I was so hoping that you would say that. The last thing I wanted to do was spend the weekend here wallowing in self-pity. Leave it to you to see right through me, and toss me a lifeline.
Well, I-I don't mind them in their own milieu. Oh, gosh, I'm so looking forward to taking in some mountain air with the two of you, and isn't this fortuitous? I've just had my Tyrolean hat re-feathered.
Niles.
Brace yourself.
I've opened some wine, Niles. Help yourself.
That was me, you simp, you nearly killed me.
I had hot coffee all over my hand.
You know what, I do not wish to delve into this. I am trying to put my own miserable day behind me. To that end, Ronee and Dad are going to the mountains this weekend, and I've decided to tag along.
What are you saying?
I'm not horning in, they invited me.
Well, you don't have to dream because they didn't invite you.
Well, you know, the poor guy's going through a bad patch right now. He could use a little company. We don't have to spend any time with him.
Morning.
Perfectly. I was borne off to dreamland by the cooing of a morning dove.
Oh, no thanks, Pa. I'm fixin' to have me some vittles.
See you guys later.
Ah, Daph. You know who would have really enjoyed this trip? Niles.
Right. Something smells good. Whatcha cookin'?
Oh. Hope they're hot and spicy. That's the way I like it.
Really? How so?
You know, I can't believe there are still people who blame me for Niles's death.
What's that, dear?
I have never seen anything more beautiful in my entire life.
I-I had a rather bizarre dream.
Oh...
Well, I'm not sure you'd really want to hear about this one, Niles.
Mmm... Well, all right, uh... it took place in this very kitchen, and... I was married to Daphne and we were expecting a baby, and, uh... you were dead, and I killed you.
Indeed.
I beg your pardon?
Well, there were many other perplexing details that I left out. For instance, uh, well there was um... a wheat thresher and... some sausage patties. And Eddie was dead, too.
Well, thank you for your exhaustive analysis, Dr. Crane. Perhaps you should relocate your offices to a drive-thru so your patients could speak into a clown's nose.
You died tragically, and no one missed you!
Oh, hi, Roz.
I'm sorry. We just got back from the mountains this morning.
What?! Well, we're bound to get a call.
Oh, dear.
What?
Hello, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Who's our first caller, Roz?
Very amusing, Roz.
What's that sound?
Oh!
Hello! Hello, Seattle, I'm listening!
Hello! Seattle, I'm listening.
Hello! Hello, Seattle...
Hello... Hello... Hello...
Hello.... Hello.... Oh, God, I'm trying to listen...
Oh! Damn it!
Oh, you couldn't sleep either?
Well, you're entitled, eating for two.
Oh. Yes, that's right, I had Roz send you some flowers.
Oh yes. Well done. I'll have Roz send you some flowers.
Yes, indeed. How fat of you to notice.
You know, I really miss playing with Niles. He's so busy sleeping with other women.
Hi, Daph.
Had a nightmare. Couldn't get back to sleep.
Niles had a nightmare?
What about?
That's perfect. Wait a minute. How did he drop it? Was it from a height? In a crowd? Was there water involved?
Yes!
Oh, hi, Niles! I understand you had a bad dream.
Spare me, Niles, you broke the baby. Now who has the obvious dreams?
At least you two can face your fears together. Whom do I have to hug away my nighttime terrors, hmm?
I beg your pardon? That's a rather flippant comeback, when I express myself...
Well, Dad, it's this infernal mountain air. It's giving us all nightmares.
Well, Daphne dreamed that she was terminally fat, Niles that he was going to be a bad parent, and... well, at least mine arose from a real problem, the fact that I will always be alone.
Dad, we're sorry.
Ah.
Dad, please?
Would you stop it! I do not want to hear about your dirty weekend – especially since the most erotic experience I’ve had in six months was last week’s trouser fitting.
Oh, Niles.
The GAP, Niles? I didn’t know you shopped there.
And what did you get there?
That’s Pottery Barn, you jackass! Give me that!
Just as I thought. You bought the Diego sweater.
It is not “just a sweater,” it is a work of art by Spain’s fabled master weaver Diego – who uses only the soft chin hairs of Andalusian mountain goats. Our sweater man could only get one this year. Niles and I made a pact that neither of us would buy it. You can’t even keep a simple sweater pact!
Stop that! The least you can do is let me borrow it sometime.
Just go!
Actually, I married her.
Yeah well, briefly. It was years ago. I was a callow, dreamy-eyed youth, and she was...
Well, all right, all right, I’ll see what I can do.
Oh, Niles has a sweater.
Oh, gosh... we were so young and immature. We had huge fights over nothing. But in the bedroom...
Sorry.
Oh, big hugs.
We used to hug our brains out. In fact, you know, the last time we saw each other she wanted to have a little reunion hug, but alas, I was still married to Lilith and settling for my weekly handshake.
Mmm? Well, the thought had crossed my mind. You know, we used to have this wild attraction to each other – it was almost combustible! Truth be told, it’s been a while since, I, uh... romped with abandon through the perfumed gardens of Eros.
Frasier. F-R-A-
Nanette, hi.
Oh, this isn’t Lilith. This is my co-worker, Roz, and her daughter, Alice.
I’m divorced now.
Single again.
Footloose, fancy-free...!
All right. You know, Nanette, Alice was so hoping to see your show. But alas, all the tickets are sold.
One more time!
Oh hi, you guys. I’m glad you’re both here. Guess who’s coming by for a drink – Nanette Gooseman.
Oh, dear God, Dad, will you let it go?
Well, actually, Niles, I’m planning a bit of an intimate evening myself.
She wants me!
She hit on me in the children’s bookstore – where I bought her CD. Trust me, the woman is a sexual volcano just waiting to erupt!
That’ll be Nanette!
Nanette!
Here, let me take your wrap.
Nanette, you remember my dad, of course, and Niles, and this is his wife, Daphne.
Yes, okay, Dad.
It’s all right. You know, sadly, this bunch is going out this evening, so it’ll be just the two of us.
Donald?
Frasier Crane, uh...
Well, uh... gosh, who wants wine? I know I do!
And just when were you planning on telling me you have a husband?
Well, at the moment it’s not!
Stop-stop it, stop it! Donald will see us.
I’m not going to send him on an errand. He’s your husband!
Well, we are running low on cornichons...
Dear God! Have we lost our minds?
You have a wonderful career.
But... you’ve brought joy to countless small children.
Who wants wine?
Yes, well, uh... here we all are.
Cut that out!
Nor I you, but this is wrong.
Well, you’re making great strides overcoming it.
Yes, and three guesses which one. I-I... I can’t do it.
Trust me, an hour’s more than ample.
Donald, you know, you really must try one of these Gruyere tarts.
Niles-
Relax, relax, nothing happened. My problem now is that she’s invited me to her dressing room for an... après-show tryst.
Well...
Niles, if you had any idea how much pain she’s in. The woman is reaching out to me to rescue her from a loveless marriage, from-from a career she feels trapped in. If I could help her make a new beginning, wouldn’t it be heartless of me to deny myself to her?
All right! I want her and she wants me!
Well, I married her first! “Till death us do part,” as I recall! Now you may not take those vows seriously, but I do.
Oh, this is more than just sex, Niles! This is passion, kismet! A gift the gods bestow on only a chosen few. Wouldn’t the real sin be to refuse it?
Well, maybe it is, but I haven’t had “pie” in six months!
No... no hugs for Frasier.
No, I can’t.
No, no. I can’t do this at all.
God knows I’m tempted, but this is wrong. I-I’m sorry you’ve been so unhappy in your life lately, but... if you want to talk, we can meet later, at the coffee shop next door.
Don’t you have a show to do?
What is this place?
I can’t. You’re married. And these shoes are suede. Look, I-I realize that you’re at a crossroads right now, and if I can help you reach a decision...
Then don’t. Make a break, redefine yourself-
What? Cancel?
Oh, Nanette, I... I realize that you’re upset, but-but think of little Alice, and-and the children.
But, Nanette...
For the children!
Yes! Yes!
Are you kidding? I dreamed of it twice last night!
Already?
Oh, dear God! Why is the ceiling opening up?!
I can’t, I can’t! I’m tangled in the sheets!
Jump? It’s too high!
Dear God, my clothes!
Can’t I just hide here until the show’s over?
Psst! Panda!
Dr. Frasier Crane, a noted psychiatrist. When does the bed go back to the basement?
You have got to get me out of here. The thing’s about to fly up to the rafters!
You can’t be serious!
That is not funny! You don't sneak up on someone and startle them!
I do not scream like a woman. It was a manly throaty wail.
That was me! I was innocently conducting some Brahms and our madcap father decided to startle me.
Yes, and I remember I couldn't kiss a woman in a car until I was thirty.
Want me to scream again?
Add a monocle and you're Mr. Peanut.
Yes, I have a patient who suffers from it.
It's a very rare disorder: a crippling fear of clowns. Yes, I'm treating a pediatric nurse who's terrified every time one comes to visit the children at her hospital. It's almost cost her her job.
Yes, although we're making great progress, though. Some rather ground-breaking techniques I've devised. I think we're close to a cure.
Yes. I wouldn't be surprised if this may turn out to be my clowning achievement.
Vastly.
Well, I'll go check on dinner.
I remember your mom. She used to chaperone our dances, right?
It must have been a very windy day when the apple fell from that tree.
You're doing fine, Mimi, there's nothing to be afraid of.
Just a tiny inanimate piece of plastic. It couldn't possibly hurt you.
You're doing great.
Much better.
Yes, yes. You're still in the room, you didn't throw up. It's a big improvement. All right now, give me your hand. Here's the tiny little hat.
And the big red nose.
Now, Mimi, is there anything you'd like to say to our little clown friend?
No! No, Mimi.
Excellent, Mimi. All right then. Now, tomorrow we will take our biggest step yet.
No, you are ready. You are. In the safety of this environment, you will watch me transform myself into a real live clown. I will apply the make up, and then I'll put on the clown suit and the big funny shoes. And, time permitting, I will make animal balloons.
As long as you don't ask for anything too complicated, like a giraffe.
Well, our time is up. All right then, Mimi, I will see you tomorrow.
Rest assured, I will talk you through every step of the way. There's nothing to be afraid of. There will be no surprises.
I'm so, so sorry. Yes, here. There he goes.
I will see you later, then.
Again, I am so sorry. Little fella really is full mischief, isn't he?
Yes! Of course I am! Anyway, I will see you tomorrow. Double session.
What is the matter with you?!
You know, I'm glad your little girlfriend is making you feel young again, but you're acting like an irresponsible adolescent.
Mimicking me now!
Stop it! Did you specifically come down here to torture me?
Yes, as do I, unfortunately. Now off you go.
Well forgive me if I prefer humor of a more elevated level. I tell you what, I might actually enjoy one of your japes someday if you could come up with something with a bit more wit and sophistication.
Hello? Yes, well I'm afraid my calendar is rather booked right now. All right, I suppose I could try to squeeze you in somewhere. And your last name, please? Rection. That's unusual. And your first name? ...That's not funny either, Dad.
Oh, hello, Roz.
Thanks for bringing that over.
Oh, yes, that was around the time of the SeaBee Awards. I remember now, you were rather comically made up that night.
Very funny, Dad. Roz, do you think it's funny when somebody sneaks up behind you and jolts you out of your skin?
Yes, all right. Good night, Roz.
I thought you were having dinner with Niles.
It's about ten years too late for that.
Dad, I'm gonna go out for a while. See you later.
Ah, you're right, Dad, that's hilarious. Not such a fuddy-duddy now, am I?
Oh, that's quite a comeback, Dad, a heart attack. Come on, get up.
Dad? Dad, you can get up now. Dad!
Niles.
Well, he's resting, he's stable. His color is good.
Well, they're running some tests right now. The doctor should be out in a minute.
Well, there's... so many factors in a case like this, Niles. It's impossible to pinpoint any one cause in particular.
Well... Oh, all right. You remember my patient with the clown phobia?
Oh, Niles, I feel just terrible about this.
Yes, well, no point in trying to assign blame at a time like this, Niles. We must remember that.
Well, I'm sure you would've done the same thing if you were in my shoes, Niles. Well, not these shoes, of course.
Oh, Roz, hi.
Thank you.
Uh, yes, I did.
Yes, that's right, it's all there, off you go.
It was a joke!
Yes, well it was only meant as a playful little jolt.
Oh, yes.
And what does that mean, exactly?
What a relief! He's going to be okay!
That's makeup, you idiot! May I remind you all that this was an accident?
It was meant as a harmless amusement. I will not stand here and be demonized for this. I am not a monster!
Okay, Dad, now just take it easy.
All right, Dad.
Right. Oh, and Dad, you really should take a look at this list the hospital sent home with us. Now, the foods that have a little picture of a, a smiling heart next to them are good for you.
Not a heart attack, Dad, a, a cardiac event. You know, maybe we can look on this as a sign that you should begin a healthier lifestyle. Perhaps one day we'll look back on this and you'll thank me for it.
Cardiac event!
No, Dad, here. I'll take this to your room for you. Why don't you just sit down and rest?
What?
Dad, you had a heart attack!
Dad, are you afraid she'll start seeing you differently?
Do you really want to keep such an enormous secret from her?
Shut up, ya nit!
And how are you going to explain the fact that you can't eat ribs tonight? Or the new medication that you're on? Or the fact that you can't have sex for the next two weeks?
It's on the list!
Dad, listen, uh, if she's not able to handle something like this, isn't it better if you know now?
Niles, help me put this stuff away, will you? Good seeing you again, Ronee.
Sorry?
Keep laughing and you're gonna have a man problem.
Maybe she might surprise us.
Yeah, on occasion.
No, the car's packed. We're leaving. God, what pains we were. Didn't want to get our hands dirty, didn't want to go fishing, didn't want to sleep on the ground. But he kept taking us, year after year, just so he could spend time with us.
You know, no matter how frightened I got, as soon as Dad started laughing again I knew that everything was safe. You know, I'm not ready to lose him, Niles.
You know, eleven years ago when he moved in here, I couldn't imagine a bigger infringement on my life. Now, I can't imagine my life without him.
Oh, I'd get rid of that chair immediately.
Oh, maybe Dad's right. I am getting stuck in my ways. I like the way things are, I don't want them to change.
Oh, Niles! Thank God you've come quickly. I've been going mad.
Yes, yes, you missed out on buying a Tickle Me Tolstoy doll. Niles, my problem is more important than that. You see, I've... oh, dear God. Niles, I've committed a crime!
By God, man, it's a real crime! Punishable by law!
Of the United States of America.
I'll tell you. But before you judge me, Niles, please, remember how much stress I've been under lately.
All right. It was a dark and stormy day...
All right. It was an average day, marred only by a persistent cough caused by a barista's over-nutmegging my machiatto.
Go ahead, Babette, what can I do for you?
Such as?
I see, um... Go on.
Well, it sound to me like you have a classic case of klepto... klepto...
Yes, and may I add...
Oh, well then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane saying "Good day, Seattle," and "Good mental health."
Well... ...I'm fine, Roz, thank you. Thank you so much. Your advice was spot on.
I didn't realize my advice had become so predictable.
They're not the same problems. What about that--that caller last week, the sleepwalking transvestite who kept breaking off his heels in sewer grates?
Yes, I also told him to wear flats. Oh, oh, did maintenance remember to bring me that hammer I asked for?
Some imbecile's been parking in my spot despite several strongly worded notes I have left on his windshield. The time has come for me to take matters into my own hands.
It was nothing like that!
My "Reserved" sign was a-dangle. I used the hammer to tack it back on.
So all those notes that I left... must have... blown away. Uh, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
So you know my show?
Oh, no, no it's perfectly understandable, and now that I know that this is your Audi, let me be the first to say "Audi, neighbor!"
That would have been preferable.
You know, perhaps in the spirit of détente, I could, uh, buy you some coffee?
Oh, well, perhaps tomorrow?
Next week, perhaps?
You know, I'm-I'm not sure if we're having a devil of a time coordinating our schedules or you're just giving me a polite brush-off.
OK, now I'm sure.
My morning's travails aside, Niles, you'll be happy to know I didn't strike out with every woman I encountered today.
How are you, Mrs. Magrini?
Opal, then. Lovely to see you again.
Yes, it's just awful.
Yes, it's quite a storm.
Yes, that's quite apt.
Like a helpless turtle?
Well, uh, let me just get out of these wet shoes, and I'll be right over.
Yes, we're reviving a lost art.
Yes, it's raining. I've just gone over that with Mrs. Magrini.
What, is that the camera I gave you ten years ago? I can't believe you've never used it before.
I am coming to my point!
Hardly the same, I've had it relined.
I don't mind telling you, Niles. What happened next was particularly galling.
Oh, please, that's not how it happened at all!
Tawny LaRue, I presume.
I did no such thing, you nit! And I am telling this story!
All right, I'm getting to it! Now you'll recall, I promised to change my neighbor's light bulb.
I was just admiring your bust.
It might look nice a little higher.
Yes, it's lucky you ran into me in the hall.
Yes, "old Frasier" gets the idea.
How marvelous you're still dating.
I thought I'd stay in with a good book.
That's when I snapped!
No, you insane twit!
I suddenly flashed on my caller, Babette. Before I knew what I was doing, I impulsively pocketed something that belonged to her.
I stole, Niles! Like some craven thief. And I've never felt more alive!
You can't imagine the thrill I felt as I sat there sipping her inferior tea and eating her excellent cookies, all the while fingering the stolen object in my pocket.
And then how coolly I walked out, scot-free, the old bird none the wiser.
Some sort of decorative medallion.
Any Caribbean-trained Psych student could tell me that!
Because I am plagued by guilt. I have to return this box before it's discovered missing.
I need your help, Niles. I have her key. I know she's out. We can put this back and be done with it.
Please! I can't trust myself to be alone. I am caught in the grip of this mania! Who knows what I might steal next?
Oh, really?
That's right! I took it, and I liked it! Please, please, Niles!
Fine, I'll do it myself. Here, hold this for me.
Now your prints are on it, too. You have to help me!
Admit it, Niles. It's intoxicating, isn't it? Don't you feel the tingle running down your spine?
I've become a danger junkie. A cunning cat burglar with nerves of steel.
Hide! Hide! Here, here, take this box!
Put it...
I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, the next door neighbor, uh, and this is my brother Niles, uh, we just wanted to say Happy Birthday, Opal!
Uh, well, the news of this birthday has been just buzzing through the building. We wouldn't miss an opportunity to honor this wonderful lady.
We slipped in as the door was closing.
Oh, well, we really can't stay.
Oh...
Oh.
Oh.
Well...
Yes, yes, in a minute, Niles. Actually, I don't really think myself as a star so much as a healer. The important thing is to listen...
Yes, not now, Niles.
Yes, I heard that. Oh, dear. Uh, excuse me just a moment.
You have got to get that medal out of your coat.
I'm a celebrity. They're watching my every move. Go on.
Oh!
We have got to get that medal up there!
You're right. Bad plan. You've got to get it up there. All right, top shelf, right of the sconce. You know, before we take the picture, I have a little story I'd like to tell that just may rival that Hitler tale.
The place...was right here. The time...was this afternoon. Opal had just set out a lovely service of tea and a plate sweets. I remember there were three cookies sitting on the plate, and I reached for... the LEFT one. Not the CENTER one, the LEFT one, and just at the same moment, Opal reached for the very same cookie, and, oh, what did you say? Oh, it was priceless.
Hah! Right off the top of her head.
Uh, I can tell from the panic in my brother's voice that he must have seen a spider. You see, he has a crippling fear of spiders, and it sent him up the ladder.
No!
Because he also has a crippling fear of heights. This may be just the breakthrough we've been looking for. Higher, Niles! Conquer your fear!
Please, everyone, I'm going to have to ask you to turn around, as his fear of crowds has set in.
Yes, you are looking at that rarest of beasts, the arachno-acro- agoraphobe. Please, avert your eyes.
This is the most difficult part of the process. I am using a technique known as behavioral exposure therapy. Climb higher, Niles. Ever higher, conquer your fear!
No, please, no peeking! You don't want to cause a setback.
Everybody freeze! This is the moment of truth. I haven't done this since my days in med school.
Hurrah! He's done it! He's conquered all three!
Well, you as an athlete should know the time-honored tradition of hoisting the victor on one's shoulders.
Well, you finished third, didn't you? Now if you'll excuse me. I've got to journal all this while it's still fresh. Good night, everyone!
Oh! Good Lord, I should have dipped. I tell you...
So sorry.
Oh, hey, Dad, I didn't know you guys were here. Where's Ronee?
No, Dad, I'll pass.
Yeah.
What?
I'm very happy for you and Ronee.
Maybe you're right.
Good night, Dad.
Good night, Dad.
Why, yes it is.
Well, actually, I have an office one floor down.
Yes.
Oh well, why don’t I ride up with you? I could use the exercise.
Bye-bye.
It’s funny for you, delightful for me. It’s always nice to meet a fan, especially one so attractive.
Yes, of course I remember you! It’s you. Hey, you.
...Jennifer.
Ellie! Oh well, here’s your floor. Nice catching up with you.
I’m so sorry. Sorry...
Sorry! Again, so sorry.
So I gave her the money and I filled out the questionnaire.
No, of course not. Why would I?
Well, gosh. She’s already sent me out on a date this evening. But I assure you, I am more interested in personality than looks.
Well, of course I saw a photo. She’s got a personality you can bounce a quarter off of.
Claret - I intend to take all subsequent dates there as well. That way I can compare them objectively, you see. As the woman will be the only variable. It’s basic science!
Oh, yes. Your doula.
Oh, peanut butter and carrots. Looks like somebody has pregnancy cravings.
Oh dear, Niles – Couvade Syndrome?
Yes, well... I have a date. I’ve signed up with a matchmaking service.
Well, I could say the same thing about you and your doula.
So does mine.
As is mine.
Mine charges 10,000!
Thank you, Niles. Wish me luck!
Here we are.
There’s something wonderful about first dates, isn’t there? Oh, thank you very much. That tingle of anticipation as two perfect strangers march toward endless vistas of possibility.
Oh well, thank you.
And what do you do?
Ah, serendipity. I’m a science man myself. I suppose that’s why Charlotte got the two of us together. Well then, what’s your field?
Oh well, I find that... excuse me?
Well, you know, I-I realize that Darwin had his detractors, but to call it nonsense seems a bit cavalier, don’t you think?
Well, not recently, no.
Would you like a drink?
That’s, uh, very amusing. So what do you do for a living?
No. I was just, uh, admiring your ensemble.
Don’t go to any trouble. Would you like some wine?
Something like that.
Well, I’m off.
Well, she better get here quickly – I do have a date.
Yeah.
Oh, hardly. A monkey throwing darts at the Seattle phone book would find me a better mate. Hell, a dart- throwing monkey would be a better mate.
Don’t think I haven’t considered it. If tonight’s a bust, I’m going to demand my money back.
Niles, have you gained weight?
In that case, get off my Chanel couch before your water breaks.
Oh, hello. I’m Dr. Frasier Crane.
Oh. Well, I’m sorry, I can’t stay. Niles and Daphne you know of course, and this is my dad. Martin Crane, Ms. Finkleman- Delighted.
Damn.
Oh, no, just a little preoccupied.
I was actually gonna tell you before you said that.
Well, there's this woman I can't seem to get off of my mind. A woman with a boyfriend.
You are nothing like my mother.
Who?
Stop that!
What, she doesn't approve of pre-marital sex?
Oh, that's crazy.
Oh, Mrs. Lawrence, how lovely to see you again. Ronee should be here any minute.
Yes, there's no problem.
No, not at all.
I wouldn't think of it.
Yes, yes of course. Where are my manners?
Oh, let me take your coat.
I'll get it!
Wait! It's pouring rain outside.
Why, look who's here. It's Ronee.
Hey, you two.
Well, all right. Where are we going? Chez Paul? Kobu?
Dear God, you're serious.
And which one would that be? E. coli?
You've changed, Niles.
Thanks, Niles, but, you know, I think I'll pass. Spend a night in, curled up with a good book. I didn't get much sleep last night.
I'm, I'm not really sure. I can't stop thinking about this woman I've met. It's my matchmaker, of all people.
Well, I was, and then we had dinner together last night. And, God, we were so comfortable with each other, it's like we've known each other for ages.
Oh, I can't. She's got a boyfriend. And, truth be told, I'm not sure why I'm so obsessed with her, I barely even know her. Niles, listen, is it possible that this is just a case of transference?
Yes, precisely! Now, how many times has a patient fallen for you?
Oh, don't be such a baby. This is not a competition.
Thirteen. You know, this is really a weight of my shoulders. It's just simple transference. Thank you, Niles.
Too late, Niles, off you go.
Well, that's a relief.
All right, what am I supposed to do?
Oh, I don't know. Some kind of environmental activist.
Well, uh, thanks but, you know, I haven't had much luck with the women of the Parks Department.
Wow, Roz, did you feel that? The entire room changed when we walked in. It's like animals in the wild sensing a predator had arrived.
No, I was talking about you.
Okay. What name should I use?
Right, faint heart never won fair...
Right. Barkeep, uh, that one's on me. If you don't mind.
What do I do now?
Uh, hi. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
Yes, I am. I have a small practice here in town and...
No, I'm not that kind of doctor. I'm a psychiatrist.
Oh, no. I haven't even got you on the couch yet.
Oh, I'm sorry. That was too aggressive.
Well, you look awfully healthy to me.
Dear God, too aggressive again? I'm so sorry.
You know, it's kind of funny. I'm actually trying to get over someone myself, in a manner of speaking.
Well, she may have been. I'm just trying to put her out of my mind, right now. I must say, you're proving to be a delightful distraction.
Okay. Uh, well, thank you, I enjoyed our time together.
No, I understand completely. I take no offence.
Oh, yes, yes indeed. Well, should we go together to my place or...? Well, you must have your own car so I could give you directions or, well, we could drive together and then I could drive you back here or we could drive together and then you could get a cab back here...
It's unlocked.
Oh, dear God.
What the hell are you two doing here?
On the end of a coroner's artery scraper! What the hell has happened to you? You've devoted your whole life to developing your standards, only to succumb to the fast, the cheap and the tasty.
Uh, Kim, this is my brother Niles and his wife Daphne. They were just leaving.
Yes, good night!
Yes. Would you like the tour?
I don't know. Uh, what do you want to see?
Whatever you came here to see.
Is there and end to this? Because I'm starting to feel redundant on my part.
You are delightfully single-minded. Would you care for some wine?
I like the sound of that.
The littler it is, the more I like it!
I tell you what, if you'd like to, you can change right in here.
And, maybe I'll whip up a little surprise of my own.
You know what bad boys need, don't you?
That, or a good tongue-lashing.
I thought you were out for the evening. For God's sake...
This is horrible. I'm so sorry. I met, uh...
Kim at a bar earlier this evening, and obviously we hit it off.
Oh, get out!
I would say "Perhaps another time," but that outfit goes a long way towards recapturing the mood.
Oh, good heavens!
Uh, Kim, I'm terribly sorry about this. I'm afraid it's just not going to work out for us tonight.
Yeah. Uh, listen, this has nothing to do with you, you know. I've had a lovely time this evening.
Charlotte, I hope you won't think this is too forward of me, but, a promising relationship doesn't come along very often and when it does, it's worth sticking your neck out for. What I'm saying is...
For heaven's sake!
Sorry, no.
No.
She doesn't want me, she wants somebody else. I don't have a chance.
Yeah.
Well, that's a good question: What am I gonna do? I suppose I could pine over her for the next several weeks, make myself more miserable every day. Or I could do the sensible thing and just let her go. Excuse me.
Hi, Charlotte, it's Frasier. About coffee on Monday? Let's just forget that. How 'bout lunch instead?
Well, I'd like to take this opportunity to wish you The very, very best of holidays. Like many of you, I'll be spending the time in the loving embrace of my family - which should give us all plenty to talk about in the new year. Meanwhile, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780, Talk Radio.
It's for Roz.
It's a gag. We agreed not to exchange gifts.
No.
I am touched, and I don't care.
Listen Bulldog, my son Frederick is flying in tomorrow afternoon to spend the holidays with me. Now, I've never looked so forward to a Christmas since I was... well, your size.
Well, ah, I don't actually know her, but she does the auto show, right?
Well, that sounds like a good tradition, I'd be delighted to drive her home.
Roz, would you mind telling me why everyone breaks into hysterics whenever I say I'm driving Bonnie Weems home... Oh, what is that?!
Is that all? Oh, I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself.
Now, listen Roz, Roz, now I know we promised not to, but I couldn't help it. I was out shopping, and...
Oh no, really?
Oh Roz, you shouldn't have. This is just...
Oh, Roz. Roz, you really shouldn't have.
Oh, no-no-no. Maybe, you know, maybe you should just think about, ah... keeping it under the tree.
Yeah.
Ah, that's what I was going for, yes.
Okay. Merry Christmas.
Yes?
Well, hello. It's a, uh, a pleasure to meet you. I'll be driving you home tonight.
Oh, it's no problem at all. Tell you what, you just go, enjoy the party, you let me know when you're ready to go.
Oh, hello Niles. Merry Christmas. To what do I owe this occasion?
Daphne.
I think Niles has all the information he needs, thank you.
Give or take a foot.
Well, after the Christmas party I poured a colleague into a cab, said a quick prayer for the driver, dislodged the wedgie of a lifetime, then went on to do a little bit of last minute shopping. Niles, some sherry?
You know, Santa is going to be very, very good to Frederick This year.
I already told him no. How long will that man nag me? Dad, what are you doing with that?
But it's plastic.
Oh, lord. Now, listen Bulldog, I already told you... Oh. Hello, Lilith. Well, you know, maybe, ah, I should take this in the bedroom.
Well, Merry Christmas, everybody! Lilith isn't sending Frederick!
Well, apparently he has this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for an incredible Christmas. A friend of hers has rented a home in Austria.
Well, apparently it's the same house that they filmed “The Sound Of Music” in, and that happens to be Freddie's favorite movie. Well, Julie Andrews is singing with the Salzburg Choral, they're having dinner with her afterwards, and some nonsense about a horse-driven sleigh ride through the snow, and a toboggan, and a balloon trip through the Alps, and apparently on their way back they're gonna spend an entire day at Euro-Disneyland!
Well, of course I have to let him go. Thank you for pointing out that you know what's right.
Oh, how would I ever live without you?
Oh, dad, you know what, I don't want to use those lights this year. I picked up these just yesterday.
Well, yes, they're very fashionable.
Well, for that matter, neither are scotch pines or snow ornaments. For God's sakes, if you want to be technical, Bethlehem was in the desert.
I don't need your sarcasm.
Dad, dad. This is my house, these are my decorations, just once, could I have just one thing I wanted this Christmas?
Oh fine. Now you're the psychiatrist?
All right, I won't anymore!
Oh, we won't! Because I'm not going to the cabin!
I'm staying right here.
I've decided to fill in for Bulldog! At least somebody will have a Merry Christmas!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Oh, Roz... I didn’t realize when I volunteered to work on Christmas that I would ruin your plans for the day, I... please don't be mad.
Roz, try to see this thing from my position. I, I couldn't see my son, I had a terrible fight with my father, I was facing a horrible Christmas, and then I thought, you know, maybe if by trying to help other people through their troubles it might get me through mine, and I think if we really try hard, we can maybe have the best Christmas we've ever had. What do you say?
Oh, I need a hug, just to prove that we're still friends.
Come on.
Come to papa.
Merry Christmas, Seattle! Yes, this is Dr. Frasier Crane coming to you on Christmas Day. Christmas, that very magical time of the year, when each moment is as unique as a snowflake, never to be recreated.
Merry Christmas, Seattle...!
Well, as we head into our second hour, I'd like to lighten things up a bit. Although, Ned, we were certainly glad to hear from you, and how you got mugged on your way home from the soup kitchen. Roz, who's next?
It's about time! Hello, Don.
Well then, swaddle me in Christmas cheer.
So your experience of the Christmas spirit would be that you didn't slam the car into reverse, speed back there, and rip a pair of smelly old sneakers out of a homeless man's hand? Well Roz, this is special, I think we've got Santa Claus himself on the line!
Barry, I've got to put you on hold for a bit, while you pull yourself together, but please, please stay on the line, I'd really like to help you.
Gladys, Gladys? Ah, listen, can I put you on hold for a second? There's somebody else I have to check on. How's it going there, Barry?
My sentiments exactly.
Okay, Tom. You win the prize for the saddest Christmas story we've heard today. Happy holidays.
Roz? Roz! Oh, have you been crying, Roz?
Ooh... oh, listen, why don't you just go home, honey? I can take over for the next two hours.
Oh, sure I can! Why don't you go home, be with your mom?
I don't think that's possible.
I mean it.
I know I will.
Hi, we're back. Well, you know what? I, I realize it's been a pretty tough day out there for most of you, and uh, I'd like to hear now from someone who's having a GOOD Christmas. Um, you know, someone who's learned a way to beat the holiday blues. Well, let's take our first call here. Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, Jeff! Well, Merry Christmas!
Jeff, are you a betting man?
Well, we're just about out of time. My, my, this day has flown by. I'd like to wish all of you revelers out there a Merry Christmas, and for the rest of you, why don't you go out and treat yourself to something special? Personally, I'm going to go get myself a meal at one of Seattle's fine eateries. I don't know where, but I promise you one thing: it'll have a liquor license. Just kidding. Don't drink and drive. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780, Talk Radio.
Niles, Niles...
Niles, would you be terrible offended if I asked you just not to not talk about it and sit quietly?
Shhh, shhh, please, I do not have time for your folderol today. I am meeting Charlotte for lunch and I'm planning my strategy on how to win her over.
Yes, Frank.
I'm merely going to present myself as the anti-Frank.
No.
Very funny.
Niles!
Sometimes it is!
You know what THAT means, don't you? They had a long night of acrobatic make-up sex.
Niles.
Keep an eye out for her, will you?
Research.
Yes, all is fair in love and war. That's interesting. An anthology of Irish plays. Perfect!
Nothing. But not for long. There's one area where no man has ever bested me, Niles: homework!
And the wine?
Right. And the roses?
You forgot them, didn't you?
For God's sake, Georges. All right, send a busboy out to pick some wild flowers, please.
Yes, well now we are trois. Thank you, Georges, could you bring us another glass, please.
Just two menus, Georges. This fellow is only staying for a drink.
Oh, terrific.
Oh, hey, Roz. What are you doing here?
Oh, gosh, well unfortunately I have a date.
Oh, yes, your convict friend. Do you think that's wise?
Yes, and a felon now knows where you live.
You...?!
Yes, yes, actually Charlotte and I have been out three times this week. We've been wine tasting, beach-combing, and we actually shared a blanket in a horse-drawn carriage.
Oh, no, he was there, too.
Well, it's not exactly how I wanted, but the more time I spend with them, the less time they spend alone together.
Frank? No. In fact, he's quite taken with me. It doesn't even occur to him that I might be a rival. Galling, yes, but it does give me more time to work my magic on Charlotte.
In another week, you can kiss Frank goodbye.
What it is.
Hmm... “The Perfect Storm” or “When Harry Met Sally.” I guess I'm going to have to go for “When Harry Met Sally.”
Hey, Daphne, Niles. Listen, the opera tickets are right there by the phone. Wish I could use them myself.
Yes, that's very droll. Frank injured himself on our hike, so I've got Charlotte all to myself this evening. I'm not going to waste this opportunity. I'm going to make her a romantic dinner and then tell her how I feel about her.
Well, I don't know, but I can't stand this ridiculous threesome anymore. You know, the worst part is how completely unthreatening Frank finds me. As if I'm some sort of a harem eunuch.
Well, he strained his back carrying me over a brook.
Well, I didn't ask the man to carry me! He simply hoisted me over his shoulder before I could stop him. That's not something you get used to, no matter how many times it happens.
Thanks, Dad. Wish me luck. I'm making her beef bourguignon from a new recipe.
Well, then.
Good morning.
Yes, I did.
Can I get my usual, please?
Well, actually... no, I'd better not. Don't want to jinx it.
Besides, the mark of a-a true gentleman is discretion.
Charlotte and I spent the night together.
Dumped him, thank you.
Yes, I know. It's funny I should end up with my own matchmaker, isn't it?
Yes, well, it didn't have to quit, it was fired.
Thank you very much. Now, you were saying something about my dad's bachelor party?
Oh, yes.
Really? Would I be familiar with her work?
Really, well, I'm afraid I can't do it right now. I'm meeting Charlotte for coffee, uh-
Hello, uh, how do you do, Miss Licious? Uh, I'm terribly sorry, but I've got something scheduled, so I'll have to postpone our interview. Perhaps we could meet this evening at my place, around 7:00? I live at the Elliot Bay Towers.
Well, I'll see you then. Good.
Oh, hi! Listen, I... gosh, I'm sorry I had to dash off this morning.
Oh, I thought we were having coffee.
Oh, no, it's all right. I'm sure you'll be wonderful.
Wait, maybe I could just drive you to the station.
No, no, I'd like to. Besides, I've always been a sucker for that romantic movie-ending goodbye - a fog-shrouded train platform, a-a passionate kiss.
Yes, well, maybe I am, but there are damn few of us left.
Oh!
So, I could make us a reservation for dinner on Sunday. I would suggest Cucina...
Charlotte... you seem a little distracted. Is there something on your mind? Charlotte?
Oh, boy.
Please. I can't wait till Sunday. My imagination will torture me.
Three weeks?!
I had to blab to Roz.
Nothing. Are you sure?
Well, let's look on the bright side. I mean, Chicago isn't that far away.
Okay. But, you know, we still have three weeks.
I'd say it was foolish to take the plunge and bring up feelings that must be dashed, and so forth. But what do I know? I'm not infallible.
All right.
Oh, I'm sorry. My hand slipped.
Oh, dear. All right, look, the next station isn't too far. I'll bet I can beat the train.
Well. Round two to Amtrak. I could drive us to the next station?
Point taken.
Oh, it's all right. Didn't have anything else to do. Oh, dear. I've got to make a call. Could you hold the wheel, please?
I just got this. It's a... it's a hands-free unit. It's, uh, much, uh, much, much safer.
Niles.
Listen, you remember that idea we proposed about Dad's party?
The, uh, the entertainer. Oh.
No, no, the stripper.
Uh, well, I found one!
Niles, I'm supposed to interview her this evening at 7:30 at my place. I can't make it. Something came up. You'll have to do it for me.
Niles, if you're worried about Dad being there, he's got a date with Ronee tonight.
Listen, Niles, I-I know that you get nervous around fan dancers and their ilk, but you have got to conquer your fear...
Thank you! I'll talk to you later. Goodbye.
What, I'm sorry?
What? What?
Oh, dear, uh, you know, perhaps it would be best if you just said left or right. It's not like there's a compass in the car.
Oh, well, I'll be damned.
Oh, that. Uh, that's nothing to worry about. It's been on for months. I think there's something wrong with the bulb.
Not a clue. I opened the hood as a mere formality.
We're terribly sorry to bother you, but, uh, our car has broken down.
Thank you! Thank you very much. We certainly appreciate that.
Yes, yes, indeed.
And I'm Frasier.
Gosh, you seem to be preparing for some sort of party.
Yes, nice to meet you...
Oh. So, uh, how's our car? Can we just scoot right away from here?
Well, we were just, uh, driving along the highway, and then suddenly the engine just died.
We couldn't.
Yes, that's right, together.
Oh yes, yes.
Yes, married.
Yes. Well, uh, Harbin was just giving me a tour of my engine.
Yes, well, you know, I'm so hopeless with cars. I know I would just misdiagnose it.
Yes, it-it is. That's because this is the hand that I fell in love with. A hand too... too perfect for, uh... the profanity of gold or-or platinum. After all, what diamond could possibly rival the sparkle in those eyes?
We... had no idea.
You know, we're a bit tired, really. Maybe we could just turn in?
You mean we're-we're sleeping in here?
This'll be fine.
What?
Well, how should I know, he's your friend.
You know... he said the same thing to my engine when he opened the hood.
Charlotte... I'm afraid we're making a terrible mistake.
No. I mean writing off these three weeks just 'cause you're moving. I had a great time with you today, and with somebody else it would have been a disaster.
Come on, you know what I'm talking about. We have a lot Fun together. And why deny ourselves the chance to have even more? I know the sensible thing would be to just end it now, and walk away. And normally that's what I would do, but... I don't want to be sensible.
I know. It'd be like a summer fling.
Of course we would. That's what happens. You-you're sad When summer's over. Well, I... never was. I always looked forward to the new school year, when I would buy my books...
Yeah, I had a great time today too, Charlotte. Oh nothing, really. I’m having the folks over for dinner. Just the family, and Roz. Well, I’ve done it a thousand times before. Okay, I’ll, uh, see you tomorrow. Bye.
For God’s sake... this thing breaks like crockwork. Crockwork, I’ll tell you... ah Frasier, once again you’ve suffered the tragedy of being clever, and alone.
Oh for God’s sake, Dad, would you please throw that thing away?
It wasn’t any good when it was new! It’s just an ugly, worthless pot.
Oh, hi! How was the honeymoon?
Oh dear, Niles. You look like you’ve crawled out of a bisque.
Niles, you remembered.
Oh well, Roz is dropping by with someone she wanted me to meet.
No, we’re going to form a jazz trio, Niles. Of course it’s a lady friend, you cherry-faced fool.
No, no, no, you don’t have to do that. If I don’t like her, Roz will just take her away. We’ve agreed upon a safety word: enchanté. If circumstances should dictate, all I have to do is say it, and Roz will know that I’m not interested.
Niles, would you mind getting that? That’s probably Roz. Uh, I’m just going to get rid of Dad’s arts and crafts project here, all right?
What...? Oh, hi! Roz, what a pleasant surprise.
Well, how lovely. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Elizabeth.
Ah, like Lisbon!
Enchanté.
Yes, the feeling is mutual. Enchanté, enchanté, enchanté.
Yes.
Well, I guess we can stop shaking hands now.
Well, then just let go.
What...? Oh, dear. Dad, what kind of glue were you using on that pot?
School lunches! The Kriezel brothers used to glue a cafeteria tray to his tie.
No, no, they’ll be back in ten minutes.
Oh, for God’s sake. All right, I’ll tell you what, uh, just, uh, here, just come right in here, there you are...
All right, just a moment, uh...
Are you there?
Dad, could you put on some music, please?
Oh, for God’s sake, just turn the damn thing on!
Oh yes, that’s right, they closed some streets for the fireworks display. Well, happy birthday, Roz.
There’s nothing wrong with dinner.
Niles.
You know the S.S. Ain’t Getting Any? Man overboard.
Well, let’s look, maybe one of these books... For God’s sake, Niles! I mean, how could you forget her birthday? It’s the whole reason we’re having dinner.
Okay, birthday girl, come on over here and open some gifts.
All right, you two, let’s pay attention. This is Roz’s birthday. This gift is from Niles.
Oh, I have no idea. Try not to think about it.
Dad, I bought you these headphones, so that I wouldn’t be subjected to your sports drivel. Please put them on.
I WANT YOU – to wear those headphones!
The KACL Fourth of July float is not stupid! Unless you think it is stupid to commemorate a hardy band of revolutionaries, their minds ablaze with...
Oh hey, Daph. My God, you look hideous.
That’s very funny.
Oh hello, Niles.
Uh, listen, Roz is running a little late, so we’re just gonna meet her downstairs, all right? Dad!
We’re off! See you later!
Wait a minute. Is my bunting a-droop? It’s supposed to drape evenly – oh, for God’s sakes.
No, there’s no time for that. We can fix it on the fly. It’ll just take a second.
Here, Niles, grab that end.
Oh, dear. Um... here. Oh, lord.
All right, let’s not panic. You know what, maybe some of our neighbors are out on their balconies, we’ll just call out to them.
Roz, how long does a baseball match last?
Oh, dear.
Roz, I’m Uncle Sam, I don’t have a cell phone. I shouldn’t even have this zipper.
That’s all right, Niles, allow me. Daphne!
Daphne, when you’re finished with that, could you please bring us some snacks to soak up this wine?
Niles, will you please stop being so morose? It is Thanksgiving.
We’re all going through a bit of a rough patch. Look at Roz and me, we’re out of a job.
Well, now you see? There’s a positive attitude!
Some people see losing a job as an opportunity! Oh, thank you.
Good heavens, Roz! Is that the sort of customer you’re servicing?! Hang that up!
Not unless they ask you to be!
Oh Daphne, my bath salts man has just delivered a new shipment of my proprietary blend – could you please run me a tub tonight?
Niles, let’s not be rash. Come on, come on, let’s get you some fresh air.
All right, Niles – Niles, Niles, please!
What?
I’ll pick you up at seven, my angel.
You’d better get used to the name “Evelyn Griebel,” because you’re going to be hearing an awful lot of it around here. Evelyn Griebel – sounds like music, doesn’t it?
Well yes, and you know how loath I am to use the expression “she may be the one,” but I think in this case it’s appropriate.
All I said was, “Maris, why the long face?”
Yeah, I’ll get that. It’s probably Roz.
Well?
Yes, I thought that was last night.
I allowed her to climb to the first base camp on Mount Crane and I believe she’s feeling the effects of the altitude.
Oh, shut up!
Dear God, Dad, that’s three years old! Throw it out!
Yes well, thank God my dating days are over! Three years on the Seattle singles scene is quite enough, thank you.
Hello? Oh hi, Evelyn. She can’t go five minutes without talking to me. Listen, I’m really looking forward to dinner tomorrow... I see. Well, if tomorrow’s no good... I see.
But you said you were having such a lovely time... I see. Perhaps I’d better take this in my room.
Oh, what are you smirking at?!
What are you staring at?
What?
Oh, hello, Niles.
Where’s Maris?
Oh by the way, I’ve invited Roz Doyle to join us – she’s my producer over at the radio station. She had no plans this evening – you know, I think the poor thing has a hard time meeting men.
Anyway, would you care for a scotch, Niles?
Sherry? What an intriguing idea. Think I could scare up a bottle of sherry.
Oh hi, Roz, come on in. Uh, I’d like you to meet my dad. This is Martin Crane, and his home healthcare worker, Daphne Moon, and of course this is my brother, Niles Crane.
What? You are not having pizza. I made a duck.
No, I’m just saying that it’s rude to bring your own food to a dinner party.
Oh, hello.
Right.
Yes, yes I am. It’s always nice to meet a fan.
This from the gourmet who dumped my Cornish Yarg cheese down the disposal.
It was supposed to be!
“With pasteurized, processed, cheese-flavored snack food.” Dear God, it looks like someone melted down a highway cone.
You’re right, Dad, I’m sorry, thank you. Would you please join me in the kitchen...?
Miles!
He is driving me batty! All right, we are making a deal. He spends six months here, and then he’s moving into your house.
I should have just gotten a keg. I tell you something, this is the last time I try to make a nice dinner for these people!
Oh, hey Dad.
Dinner’s ready.
Hello, you guys, come on in.
You all right?
Just a little turbulence, we’ll be through it in a minute.
Mother of God!
Well, there’s a small world, I’m a psychiatrist too. Dr. Frasier Crane.
Lovely to meet you.
Oh, I suppose I was. It’s been a rather eventful three weeks for me.
It’s really rather personal... It’s nothing you’d be interested in.
So I was dating this woman...
Yes, but then you followed me in here when I came to get my briefcase and uttered the fatal phrase that no man can resist.
Nice try, my little temptress, but I’m down for at least an hour.
Well, my show doesn’t start till two, and it’s only...
Oh dear God!
Turn that off!
I’m sorry I have to rush off. I wish we could spend the whole day together.
Oh that sounds great, I’d love that.
Uh... I liked what I had for lunch.
Still sounding like lunch.
I’m sorry, I am sorry. I had a doctor’s appointment, it couldn’t be helped!
Well thank you, Kenny.
Bebe?! What are you doing here?
What?!
The San Francisco radio psychiatrist? Yes, we had a nice encounter once at a conference.
Poor Mark... what a ghastly way to die!
Well, it’s very tempting, Bebe, but I’m very happy here in Seattle. I don’t want to leave.
Uhhh... No. My answer is still no, Bebe. I’ve got to begin my show.
Wait a minute. You were in San Francisco last week. Don’t tell me...!
Oh, the hollandaise is breaking!
Dad, I thought you were going out with Niles and Daphne?
Yes, well, Charlotte is leaving for Chicago in three hours. This is our farewell dinner.
Good heavens, I thought that you were meeting them downstairs.
Kenny, we just put dinner on the table.
Yes! Off you go!
This is Charlotte.
Yes, thank you. Bye.
Oh, for God’s sake!
Yes, well, you know how Chez Henri hates it when people are Late, so I tell you what, why don’t we call for that elevator right now...
And tell Henri that the first round of drinks is on me!
Simon?!
Please leave immediately.
There will be no tours!
Give me that!
Put that down!
All right, that’s it! I want you all out of here! And I do not mean a leisurely exit, I mean a break-neck, trampling-each-other, this-theatre’s-on-fire stampede!
Yes, thank you.
Oh, get out of here!
Because it’s not a word.
No, it’s not.
Use it in a sentence.
And why is she lying there? Because she’s feeling all “befevered” again?
I still don’t know why you won’t let me drive you to the airport.
Right. Uh, well then...
...right.
Yeah. Me too. Okay. Well then, uh, good luck in Chicago.
Got your ticket?
Great, great. Oh, oh, listen, I have a little something here for you.
It’s just a hair band I found in the shower drain.
Yeah. Uh, let me get your coat.
I don’t know about you, but I’ve had enough easy goodbyes. I’m kinda glad to have the chance to have another tough one.
Bye, Charlotte.
Oh. Oh, my fault.
Right.
Bye.
Oh. Yes. Yes. Oh, here.
Sorry.
My word. Ah....
See ya.
Oh for God’s sake, what now?
Positively quilty.
Morning, Dad. Hey, Niles.
Well, I can get it.
Milanos! Oh, well thank you.
I see what’s going on. You think I’m in tatters because Charlotte’s gone back to Chicago. Well, I’m not. I’m not going to say I won’t miss her like crazy. But we knew going in that our time was limited. We made the most of it. I have no regrets.
Except for leaving that door unlocked.
Darn! ...Niles and I just reserved a squash court.
Right, right...
Do you have any idea what he’s saying?
Well, I thought the mumbler was Michael.
Now Niles, just remember, those hearty Crane genes are in there too.
What’s this?
Huh. Closest thing we had to that was Dad bongo-ing out “Babalu” on Mom’s belly.
Here we are.
What?
You know, Dad... Niles and I have been wondering what to get you for your wedding, and... maybe we could just give you the wedding.
Well, I can officiate. I still have my license from that time I married those commitment-phobes on my Valentine’s Day show.
Not the time, Niles.
I’m sorry, leave it to whom?
Dancers, rehearsal is over. Please wait upstairs. I don’t want anyone to see you until the floor show.
I’m sorry, we’re still setting up.
Clint, would you please go outside and tell everyone they can’t come in here until after the ceremony. It will spoil the entire reveal.
Well, I’m glad you like it, you two, but listen, you’ve gotta go get changed, you’re getting married in ten minutes.
Good, our gospel choir is here! Niles, go make sure they’re fitted with their angel wings and give them all a meal voucher!
Roz, I’m sorry, I can’t let you in, I know it’s warm out there. I’ll tell you what, go have a cool drink with Kenny.
Oh, well good for him! I’ll come down and give him a hug.
Oh, all right, Roz. I can’t say I blame you, it’s like the Ninth Circle of Hell out there!
Bebe! What are you doing here?
What strategy?
Television... well, that certainly sounds tempting, but, but my home is here! There are more important things than money!
Bebe!
What? Oh, good lord! That’s my cannon operator! At the end of the ceremony, he’s supposed to fire that antique cannon. I’m not sure there’s anybody else who knows how to work the damn thing. Oh...
Niles...!
Our cannon man is down – heatstroke.
The flower girl?!
Who would give liquor to a six-year-old girl?
Simon! Did you give our flower girl champagne?
Oh, great! Still no flower girl, and now no one to fire our cannon!
All right then, come along, all of you. See if you can figure out this thing.
Now your cue to fire it is when I say, at the end of the ceremony, “ladies and gentlemen, Mr. and Mrs. Martin Crane.” You got it?
Oh, for God’s sakes, we can’t have him rumbling up the aisle. Uh, give him some of that pate over there.
Ooh, Roz! Do you think that we could enlist Alice to be our flower girl?
Oh, that’s splendid news! Here, here, take these rose petals. You’re supposed to strew them in the aisle as you lead the procession in and out.
Roz, her cue to lead the procession out at the end of the ceremony is when I say, “ladies and gentlemen, Mr. and Mrs. Martin Crane!”
NOT NOW!
What the hell was that?!
This is just our luck! When the gun went off, it startled a truck driver, he slammed into a lamppost. Now the entire roadway is blocked! Can anything else go wrong at this wedding?
What?
All right then, off you go, both of you.
Hurry, please! We’ve only got the skywriter until five!
Clint, would you please turn up that air conditioning to the maximum? That ice sculpture over there is by the renowned artist Arthur Nudzac, and it’s melting already!
What’s that?
Just don’t just stand there, please, call a repairman.
Yes, Roz, I’m sorry, I know it’s warm...
Well, the sound of gentle mooing in the background might lend a pastoral effect.
Oh. All right, I’ll handle this. Um, wedding guests, we thank you for your cooperation and your patience...
People, people, please!
Roz, do not open a window until they tow that cattle truck!
Dad, Ronee! We’re almost ready to start!
Smell?
There’s been a bit of a mishap with a cattle truck, and-and the A.C.’s out. But no matter! Right, people? It’ll take more than that to mar our joy at seeing these two become Mr. and Mrs. Martin Crane!
Hello? Well, finally, Niles! Stop babbling! Listen, Niles, you’ll have to speak up, I can’t hear you with that baby screaming in the backgr... Oh my God!
Hello? Niles?
Oh my God, he’s beautiful!
You know, I’d better, uh, condense this just a bit... No, I don’t need that... and I don’t need that. All right... ah. “It was the great thinker Horace Walpole...”
Well, all right then, uh... “Dearly beloved, we are gathered here...”
All right, Niles, uh, why don’t you give them the rings?
I’ll just cut to the chase here. Uh, do you, Martin Crane take Ronee Lawrence to be your lawfully wedded wife, forsaking all others, until death do you part?
Do you, Ronee Lawrence, take Martin Crane...?
You know, if they’d let me say what I planned to, you’d be bawling your eyes out right now.
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you man and wife.
Hello, Lilith. Hey, it’s me. Yeah, listen, I was just calling to check out how Freddy’s doing. What, a new one? I thought he was smitten with the old one. Well, you know, he gets that from me. Back in my heyday, I had a new chess coach every month. Well, I’m... spending a lot time alone lately. Well, you know, Dad and Ronee are still on their honeymoon. Oh yes, they thank you for that very thankful radon detector you sent. Not seeing much of Niles and Daphne either, because they’re so busy with the baby... Oh! Uh, sorry to keep you. Yeah, just, uh, just tell Freddy to call me. Okay, bye, Lilith.
Oh.
Right. It’s right there.
It’s all right.
Eleven years.
Uh, be careful with it.
Bebe, hi, it’s Frasier. Listen, about that San Francisco job... I think I’ll take it.
About what?
Bebe. Oh, I’ll let you know if I hear anything, guys.
Yes, yes, yes. Shush, shush. I don’t want anyone to find out. I’m not telling my family until this evening.
Oh, Bebe, listen, I have something for you. I’ve decided to give away some of the things that I’ve accumulated through the years. As sort of a... fresh start, you know.
Wisdom?
Thanks, Bebe, but no thanks.
And I’m sure he’s very good at what he does, but still it’s just not me....
Four o’clock it is.
Roz, are you all right?
You?! Roz, congratulations! Aren’t you excited?
Well, that’s understandable. I remember when I heard that my advice would be heard by millions of people and...
Oh gosh, Roz, I’d love to, but I have to go to a doctor’s appointment. Can you come to my place for dinner tonight?
Oh gosh, I’m so happy for you.
Bebe, it’s Frasier. When you get this, call me, please. I want to thank you for sending me to that quack of yours today! He screwed something up and now my eyes won’t stop watering.
No, no, Roz, of course not. Listen, could you take these out for me?
Thank you.
Ronee, I saw you admiring this China pattern.
Yes, well, I’d like to make a gift of them to you as a complete set.
Of course. Oh, Niles, I know how much you’ve always coveted this chess set. And I want you to have it.
Which is why I want it to be the set that you teach that son of yours to play on. I haven’t forgot about you, Roz. I’ll be right back.
Here we are, Roz. I thought this art deco mirror seemed like you.
Well that just shows you. I thought I’d get the bigger reaction from the chess set.
Well, I didn’t want to say anything until after dinner so as not to bring down the party, but...
I see you’re all ahead of me. Uh... listen, a couple weeks ago I got some unexpected news.
Now you see, this is exactly what I was trying to avoid. You mustn’t think of my leaving you as a sad thing, because I don’t. I think of it as an adventure.
We all knew we weren’t going to stay together forever. I mean, that’s not what life is about. Cry, if you must, but I assure you, when I pass through that Golden Gate I will be smiling!
Yes! That’s where I’m moving to! San Francisco!
My new job. I start next week. Now don’t just sit there choking back the tears. Go ahead, let them out.
To San Francisco.
You know it’s just an hour by plane, so I’ll be coming back up as often as you like.
I’m happy for myself. And scared too. But it’s a good scared. Sort of the way I felt when I came here from Boston. If I hadn’t done that, just think of what I would have missed out on.
Let me just help you with some of those dishes.
Oh, well, if you really must go, all right, but I tell you what, don’t go without taking some of these éclairs with you.
I’m on TV next week and the only thing worse than seeing them going to waste would be seeing them go to my waist!
What?
Let her talk, Dad!
Well, I promise I’ll fly up for all the German ones!
Yeah, Dad’s right. I mean, once I’m gone there’ll be no getting rid of me.
Sure.
Right. Coffee tomorrow?
I love you.
You all know how I feel about you, and the only reason I’m leaving is because I want what all of you have now: a new chapter. Who knows if it’ll even work out? But it’s like that Tennyson poem Mom had us recite for you when we were kids. Do you remember?
It may be that the gulfs will wash us down, It may be we shall touch the Happy Isles, and though We are not now that strength which in old days Moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are...
Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will
I’ve been thinking about that poem a lot lately. And I think what it says is that, while it’s tempting to play it safe, the more we’re willing to risk, the more alive we are. In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took. And I hope that explains a little this journey on which I’m about to embark. I have loved every minute with my KACL family and all of you. For eleven years you have heard me say, “I’m listening.” Well, you were listening too. And for that I am eternally grateful. Goodnight, Seattle.
We had a big party that night. It was all very sweet.
Oh, good heavens. We’ve touched down.
And I’ve never had more delightful company.
Well, I just know I’d always regret it if I didn’t take the chance.
Wish me luck.
...and though washing one's hands twenty to thirty times a day would be considered obsessive/compulsive, please bear in mind that your husband is a coroner. Thank you for your call, Jeanine. Roz, whom do we have next?
Hello, Ethan. I'm listening.
How old are you?
Ah well, what can I do for you?
Why do you think that's so?
Well, you know, Ethan, the other children are just acting out of jealousy and immaturity, and I... I know it doesn't help much right now, but the day will come in the next few years when you will have the last laugh.
Yes.
Ethan, where are you calling from?
Well, if any of Ethan's classmates are listening, you know where he is, and he can't stay in there forever.
Thank you for your call! Well, that's about it for today. This is Frasier Crane, KACL Talk Radio, 780 AM.
Well Roz, I thought that was a pretty good show, didn't you?
You seem a bit distracted there, Roz. You got another one your hot dates?
Noel? Noel Shempsky from Sales, that's who your date's with?
Noel the Mole?
Mm-hmm...
Does Noel still have that autographed picture of Captain Kirk in his cubicle?
Dear God, I thought I heard...! Niles, what are you doing?
You are shameless!
Oh, come on, Camille!
I need to talk to you. Here, have a seat, right here. Now listen Niles, I'm having a young lady over on Friday night, I was hoping you could take Dad out for me.
Why, you have plans Friday?
Niles, just tell me that you'll do this for me?
Thank you.
Oh Niles, please. Nobody refers to having sex as “getting lucky” anymore.
Hi, Dad.
Ooh!
Well, I'm sorry, Dad. I guess I should have asked you myself.
What does that mean?
Oh! Well, well. How long has this been going on?
Well, sure Dad. I think that's terrific. Oh listen, if there's a lull in the conversation, we’ve got all kind of board games back here in the closet, we got playing cards - does she like to play Canasta?
Ooh, wow...
Morning, Daphne.
Don't mention it. It was my pleasure.
I think it meant that he's packed too much.
What is that heavenly aroma?
Oh my, that's it!
Morning, dad. So... How was your date last night, huh? Ha, boy, feels strange, you know? A son asking his father how his date was last night...
When he could ask the date herself!
So... so, it's a pleasure to meet you, Elaine. It's ah... I know that dad's wanted to have you for a long time - I mean, for dinner!
Oh yes, absolutely.
Splendid, splendid, splendid. So uh – so uh... what did you two kids do last night? Did you ah, play some games? Well, I mean, board games! Not that you were bored - or excited... well, not that I'd know anything - or should! But ah... warm buns, Elaine? No, no, not yours! I mean ours, ours! To eat, you see. Have one, I'll have one! Warm!
I don't know!
Thank you. That's always lovely to hear.
Oh really, really? I do-do a great deal of shopping there. As a matter of fact, I bought the comforter on dad’s bed there, and, well, I supposed you noticed that... maybe you didn't - I mean, I don't know if you had the lights on, or... I mean, I don't know how you like it... I mean, how you... light it! How you like to light it!
Oh, banger, dad?
You couldn't have served bacon?
I'm sorry, dad. It just, really caught me off guard.
So, you like Elaine?
So, dad...
You're back on the beat!
Lock up your daughters!
Oh, come on, you old...
Ooh look, there's a place for cumin, most people overlook that.
Evening, everyone.
Hello, Eddie. Well, I seem to have cleared the room.
Oh, sounds like someone's being taken out behind the woodshed.
Are you discussing what I said about you and Elaine?
But dad, everything I said was flattering.
Oh, come on you old swordsman, I thought you'd get a kick out of it.
What for? Just because of a harmless remark I made on the radio?
Well, don't you think she's overreacting?
I'm sorry, dad.
Well look, look. I caused a problem here, and I will take care of it.
I said I'd take care of it!
Yes, yes uh, just go on with what you're doing, and everything should turn out all right. Thank you for your call. Now, I'd like to end today’s show on something of a personal note. I'm talking to one person in my audience. Elaine - you wouldn't answer my phone calls, you wouldn't come to the door, so I hope you're listening. And if you are, I want to apologize for what I said on the radio. I took something that was of a private nature and turned it into public knowledge. I promise I will never do that again - well, except for this time, then I promise I'll never do it again. You see, the saddest thing is, Elaine, that uh, that dad is paying for my mistake.
Elaine... Martin cares for you. And he misses you very much. More than anything in the world, he'd like to be back together with you. And if you feel for him the way he feels for you, I hope you'll find it in your heart to come to my place tonight, at eight o' clock, for dinner. A very romantic dinner. Thanks, Elaine. This is KACL 780 AM, talk radio. And I'm Frasier Crane... the Love Doctor.
Ah. Well, the champagne's chilled, a platter of hors d'oeuvres, how are things in the kitchen?
God, I hope this works, Daphne.
You're kidding. You can transmit? I thought you were just a receiver.
That's very charming, Daphne, but Elaine's in 14-12.
Dad, it is two minutes to eight, and why don't you just sit down and relax?
May I suggest we just skip the first course, which is crow, and move directly to the hors d'oeuvres?
All right.
People, people, please. Don't you have lives of your own? For God's sake, beat it, scoot, scat..
This is a private situation here...
Please, please, come out here.
All right then, dad, dad you come in here. All right everybody, back off, just back off! Just give us some time, please!
Elaine, please let me try to explain.
Oh dad, please, what do you happen to know...
Dad!
Yes, please folks. Honor what the man says. Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for your concern. Let's expedite this departure please, if you would. Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Yes. Yes, I suppose you're right. It's ironic, isn't it? My sixty-three year old father with a bum hip is about to embark on a night of romance, while the two of us, man and woman, both attractive and eligible, and in the prime of our lives, have nothing to do on a Saturday night.
Yes Daphne, I think it is.
Roz, Roz. Listen, could you go in there and get my briefcase for me? I was just on my way out but I left it in the studio.
Well, because every time I go in there, he puts me on the air and humiliates me.
Hello, Bulldog.
The Giants.
The Saints?
Somebody has to win.
Yes, that was very funny indeed. I wished you'd played it on my show. It deserves to be heard by a much larger audience. Hee haw! Hee haw!
Hello all.
Oh, Maris left for Chicago already?
What is it, dad?
Dad, say no more. I'd be delighted to help.
...Bulldog.
Mm-hmm?
A-ha.
All right, I'll do it.
I'll leave a note on his hydrant.
Thank you, dad.
Roz!
That's me.
My pleasure, dad.
Who was that?
Do you mind? I'll answer this one, thank you. Hello? It's for you.
Tiffany? I thought you just spoke to Tiffany?
Celebrate the ethnic mosiac that is America, but nonetheless...
Well, I'll tell you what my damage is, young lady. You've been Talking on the phone for an hour and a half. You haven't said a word to me except to ask for more Cheetos. They're coming, Eddie!
Well, I'm not exactly thrilled about it either, but your mother was in a bind. And for the record, I am not a perv.
Nonetheless, flake or not, you are in my charge. I think it's Time you had something that was a bit more nutritious. Now, how about some seafood crepes? Lobster Neuberg? Corn dog dipped in curare?
Even more lethal. Yes, just come on into the kitchen, we'll See what we've got.
You don't care much for your mother, do you?
You know, I have a son. I'd hate to think by the time he's your age, he thinks of me as some sort of, um...
Thank you.
Oh well, look what we have here. Will one tube suffice?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Well now, Renata, you know, I am a psychiatrist. And um, if you're having problems with your mother I'd be glad to listen.
I do care about the Gomers. I even care about you.
Why do you think she does that?
Really?
My God! How old were you?
What does your father say about all this?
Whitesnake? Is that a musical group or a pet?
You know, this cookie dough is not that bad. Of course, I'm Sure later I'll be hurling. Ah, that must be Her Fabulousness. Want to take the rest home with you?
You poor thing!
She left.
Should have been here half an hour ago.
I was wondering if my sweet little boy's going to turn out to be a monster when he's twelve.
Oh, it's a long story. Do you really want to hear it?
But eventually they do?
Hello? Oh, Daphne. How was your evening? ...No way!
Okay, dad. Now, you've seen the executive offices, the advertising offices and the lunchroom. And we now finally come to the sanctum sanctorum: my studio. You might recognize that handsome rogue over there.
Very droll. Get in. This is what we in the radio game call "The Booth." It is here That I sit, day after day, and dispense the advice that helps the emotionally distraught through their troubled lives.
Dad, you know, you could have gone home after lunch. I just brought you here because I thought you'd enjoy it. NOW DON'T TOUCH THAT! It's a very sophisticated piece of electronic equipment!
I have no idea, Roz told me never to touch it! You see dad, the usual procedure begins with...
Dad.
Dad, dad, look, let's just go into Roz's booth, okay? You can touch anything you want to in there.
Oh, hello Roz.
Well, I'm just showing dad around, then he's gonna sit and listen to the show.
Yes, he made a big game of locking us in one of the cells and pretending to lose the key.
Well no, we weren't really scared, although after a while we did become quite hungry.
Did you leave your wallet home, or something?
Roz, it's a scam. He scammed you.
Especially if you're an easy mark like Roz.
Oh, by all means dad, lecture me on the complexities of the human mind. Are you forgetting that I graduated with honors from Harvard in Psychosocial Behaviorism?
It sounded louder on the dais! All I'm trying to say is, if it were me on the street, I wouldn't have been fooled.
Well if I can't, I'm in the wrong business.
What do you mean?
Of course you can.
Oh, you're just itching to give your money away today, aren't you? All right, you're both on. But I think you're underestimating me. What truffles are to pigs, so are these charlatans and pettifoggers to my mental acuity.
Oh, just some of dad's old friends from the precinct.
When he yawns it may smell like swamp gas, but his spelling's improving.
The number of the nearest gastroenterologist.
Linda, Frank, Jimmy.
Well, my dad tells me he's filled you in on our little bet. Now the ground rules for tonight are that I'm not allowed to ask you any questions directly about your line of work, but whatever questions I do ask, you must answer truthfully.
Actually, it's mine.
About. Hmm... that's interesting, you noticed the space. Most people mention the view and the high ceilings, but you, you mentioned the space. It's almost as if you'd spent some time living in a cramped, confining, tight area.
Interesting... you find her attractive, do you?
Yes, but I mean, attraction to one's own sex is a not uncommon result of long-enforced periods of time spent exclusively in their company.
Really?
You know, we could really use some music. Anybody play the harmonica?
Oh, no-no-no-no-no, I'll just take this time to observe the triumvirate. I believe in my considerable education, my years of study and not to mention, well... alright, let's say it, my God-given gift to intuit.
I'm sorry, dad. Just been observing.
Frank's an interesting study, isn't he? Temper, loner, a bit unsocial. Almost a stereotypical portrait of a man who's spent his entire life behind bars.
Actually, I believe I have. Shall we step into the drawing room? Please have a seat.
I have sketched an accurate psychological profile of each one of you. And in so doing I have come to the incontrovertible conclusion that the criminal among us can only be... FRANK!
Exactly! Just a little too obvious, you know. The broken vocabulary, the jailhouse pallor, the underdeveloped social skills...
So, you tried to use psychology against me, did you? Threw a gender bender at me. Thinking I'd just assume that a felon would naturally be a man. Well, I'm on to your little game, mister. The criminal among us is indeed, the very wily Linda!
JIMMY!
Damn it... you seem like such a nice guy.
Yeah, I'm afraid I do.
It's been very pleasant. You'll all come again, any time you like. Hopefully when we're here, of course.
Jimmy. Boy, who woulda thought? How do you even know that guy, dad?
Well, you certainly made your point. I feel stupid as hell.
Dad, excuse me, if I can interrupt that self-righteous policeman mentality for a second, don't you believe in second chances?
Well, I believe that when a man has paid his debt to society he deserves a fresh start. I see no harm in her going out with him once.
I say she is.
Of course, Daphne.
That would have been a very dramatic exit, if only her room was down that hall.
Oh, don't worry, she won't.
Well, because she has too much respect for your opinion. She won't go against your wishes if I'm any judge character.
I'll have the same.
Ah...
Actually, it was really rather interesting. You know, one them actually did time in prison for fraud?
Actually, he was quite personable. You know dad, he's so judgmental.
For some reason, you know, just because the man was in prison he seems to have marked him for life.
Hmm. Yes, I almost had to sedate him when Daphne announced that she was going to go out with him.
What do you mean?
Niles, he passed bad checks. He's not a sociopath.
You haven't even met him.
Oh Niles, Niles, just sit down and relax, for God's sakes. You're being irrational.
Now, Niles. Listen, I think Jimmy's a perfectly nice guy. And besides, Daphne can take care of herself.
Niles, just listen to me for a second. You know perfectly well that she'll resent any interference. Now, you want to make a fool of yourself, go right ahead, but don't ask me to join you.
Someplace called the, uh, the Topaz Room.
I'll drive!
Look at this place. I never felt so conspicuous in my life.
Yes, and you might try tucking in your watch fob.
Oh, then by all means, let it dangle. Perhaps they have a local chapter.
The only problem is, I don't see Daphne or Jimmy.
Oh, oh. God, I am so sorry.
I'm sorry, I was just trying to...
I'm sorry.
Really sorry.
Oh well, I-I'd gladly pay you, but I-I don't have that kind of cash on me.
Niles! Maybe I could write you a check?
Oh, I don't think that's really necessary at all.
Shut up, Niles.
Oh Daphne, we were worried about you.
Listen, listen. I'm a psychiatrist, maybe we can talk this out in sessions. You know, it seems that you have some control issues...
Daphne!
Hank, listen to me. You've got to look inside yourself. There is a part of you that isn't being fed.
Yes, well, I'm talking about your inner self. What isn't being fed there? Love, career, simple self-esteem? There are deeper issues at work here.
Well, I'd suggest extended therapy. Please stay on the line, and my producer Roz will refer you to the help you need. Roz, who's our next call?
Ah, really? Hello, you're on the line.
Lilith?
I see. Well, Seattle, we have a celebrity of sorts on the line. This is my ex-wife, Lilith.
Oh, they know you. Roz, what exactly does "call screening" mean?
Well, Lilith, what brings you to Seattle — the constant rain?
Well, I guess you'll be rushing off to your little convention now, and I suppose we'll just have to catch up on your next trip.
Really? Well, then you'll want to keep your dial tuned to 780 for Gil Chesterton's "Restaurant Beat."
What a wonderful idea! And let me tell you why, Seattle. You see, even though our marriage was unsuccessful, Lilith and I are quite capable of conducting ourselves as adults, and even enjoying spending some time together, from time to time. So, Lilith, seven at my place?
Dad, you never liked Lilith.
She is not weird.
Well, maybe she's a little strange.
Can I get you an aspirin, Daphne?
Niles! I'm sure she wants privacy while she contacts the mother ship.
Oh, Niles, this ongoing feud between you and Lilith is ridiculous! Let it go, it was years ago.
All right, now, now, there she is. All right, now—now listen, it's just one evening out of your life. Will you at least try to be civil?
Hello, Lilith.
Please come in.
Here, let me take these things for you. There we are. Oh, look who's here.
Thank you.
The settlement is final, Lilith.
Why does he listen to you, and not to me?
Oh, I see. You're saying your voice is more commanding than mine is?
Daphne, um, this is my ex-wife, Dr. Lilith Sternin. Lilith, this is Daphne Moon, my dad's physical therapist.
Well, I think dinner's just about ready. Why don't we move to the table.
So, Lilith, how is Frederick?
Boy, I sure hope the other campers don't make fun of him.
Goodnight, Dad.
Well, goodnight.
Oh, this is ridiculous! Listen, Lilith, uh, Niles is upset because you snickered at Maris's wedding vows.
He doesn't get that kind of validation at home, you see.
Yes. It's the first time we've been alone together since the lawyers put us in that room and said, "Don't come out until there's some resolution."
Yes it was, wasn't it?
Well, it's a beautiful city. I hope you enjoy your convention.
The letter? What letter?
Lilith, I did write that letter, and I did leave it in the apartment, but...
It wasn't last month. It was nearly a year ago. It's before I moved to Seattle. You just found it now?
Well, I see the cleaning service is still doing its usual bang-up job.
Listen, Lilith—
Lilith, please!
I wrote this letter just before I came to Seattle hoping for a reconciliation. She only just now found it.
Like they own those five words! You know, I-I got over her, I moved out here. She comes back and I wonder if I made the right decision. I did write that letter.
Oh, that's a nice tidy little way of saying I'm in hell. Niles, I have a life here that suits me, and yet I can't help wondering if there is still some chance for reconciliation, if it's worth exploring the feelings that—that I'm feeling. Do you think I should see her again tonight?
Yes, but I don't have an opinion in this case.
But I don't.
All right, all right. I think in my soul, I'm leaning toward taking the next step and, uh, seeing if there's anything... there.
Why?
Damn it, Niles!
All right. We have a long history together, we-we have a son that we both adore. There were some good times, and when they were good... Hoo-ah!
Yes, they are. Thank you, Niles. I don't know what I'd do without you.
Drop it!
Hello, Lilith.
I must be early, I see you haven't had a chance to put up your hair yet.
Really?
Well, how could I not? I felt so awful about last night. You see, I just thought you'd read the letter long ago and ignored it.
O.K. Well, I know a great little French bistro just around the corner—
Well, I'd like to say that I feel the same way about you. Frederick is flourishing, and I'm sure that's in no small part due to you.
Geez, do you realize that's the first pleasant thing we've said to each other in almost a year?
You know, I'm suddenly quite moved.
Would it be a dreadful contretemps if I kissed you right now?
You want to bag dinner?
Come to me, my white-hot flame!
Oh God, you're in my thoughts every waking hour!
So are you!
Jolly good morning to you, too.
Me, too.
Yes, me too, me too.
Oh, I'll get that!
Must be the breakfast we ordered last night. Boy, I am famished!
Hi.
Just bring it right in here, please. Uh, that's fine. Little something for you, too. Thank you, good day.
Well, boy, it's funny how life takes it's little turns, isn't it? Yesterday morning when I woke up, I never imagined I'd be waking up here this morning.
And — I mean, it's not that we were overly impulsive or anything, or that what we did was wrong, I just...
Oh, thank God you said that! Oh, it's not that last night wasn't very enjoyable, but who are we kidding? You've gotten on with your life, I've gotten on with mine! I've got a new career, I've reestablished relationships with my family, I've got a whole new set of friends — for the first time in years, I'm happy! I mean, for us to even consider getting back together — it's just the stupidest thing two people could do!
Well, you didn't let me finish, you see... after I played Devil's advocate, I—
I'm afraid so.
Oh, Lilith, are you crying? God, I'm sorry. Once again, I've led you down an emotional primrose path. Lilith, I never meant to hurt you. I don't blame you if you're mad at me.
You mean you're not?
Well, that's good. So then what happened last night was only because you were lonely, and I was—
Oh, Lilith, Lilith, here, here, come with me here. Now, listen, look in there, tell me what you see. All right, I'll tell you what I see. I see the same strong-willed, dynamic, intelligent woman I married seven years ago. Listen, you're just suffering a temporary lapse — divorce does that to you. Listen, I won't say anything as trite as "someday you'll find someone." But I know this: I know you, and I know that no matter what the future holds in store for you, you'll handle it.
You hungry?
O.K.
Yeah, well, you know you helped me through some hard times yourself.
The best one was Frederick. We'll always have that.
And, you know, I can't help telling you this. Even though we're not in love anymore, you were always the most exciting lover I ever had. I think in your heart of hearts that you'd say the same about me.
Lilith?
Well let me see, I think I'll have the...
Daphne.
Oh, well good. You know, I'd like...
Excuse me, you haven't taken my order yet.
Excuse me, we seem to have spilled something here. If you could...
Oh, nothing for me, thanks!
Niles... look, apropos of nothing, how are things between you and Maris?
I don't know, you tell me.
I believe he's bagging her beans.
Well...
Niles, you know, this infatuation with Daphne is really getting out of hand. I didn't really mind when it was just a flirtation, but I can't help wonder that this is symptomatic of something wrong between you and Maris. Well, is it?
Well, that's perfectly normal in a relationship of some years. Maybe you should try spicing things up a bit.
Well, for starters, yeah.
Well, the two of you could... Well, you could... well it's you and Maris, so you could... I'm stumped.
Oh, hi Roz, how are you?
Well, I was just making conversation. But actually, Roz, there's some advice I need.
A subject in which you're quite well-versed, sex.
What do you do when... when the romance goes out of a relationship?
All right, let's just assume for a moment that you are capable of a long-term relationship; what would you do to keep things cooking?
So you used, like, fantasy/role-playing?
I'm sorry.
Roz, this is not for me, it's for my brother Niles.
Niles!
Niles!
Dear God, why? What for?
Oh, my.
Alright, just keep in mind that I reserve the right to say "stop" at any time.
Stop!
All I suggested was some sexual role-playing, you're the one that came up with "Pirates of the Caribbean"!
Well, I suppose they could always use another busboy at the "Jolly Roger"!
Here we are, Canadian goose down pillow, Egyptian cotton sheets and a nice Vicuna throw in case you get a little chilly during the night.
Well, don't be embarrassed on my account, Niles.
You're a complex little pirate, aren't you? Well, goodnight Niles.
Why?
Niles. May I suggest that when Maris returns, you both invest some time in some intensive couples' therapy. There's a Reichian group...
Oh, I think that's implied!
You told her to spend the night?
Well, you know how Niles feels about her.
Oh, I suppose you're right. Niles is harmless enough. Besides, he'd never try anything with Maris in the house.
I've gotta get Daphne out of there!
Why? My God, it's a recipe for disaster! You've got a vulnerable woman and an unstable man in a gothic mansion on a rainy night! The only thing missing is someone shouting "Heathcliff!" across the moors!
Oh, Dad, Dad, you're not coming!
No, you're not!
Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I'm listening.
It is not.
What if it does? He's my brother and he loves his wife! Now, now, I know, I know their marriage is not exactly everyone's cup of tea. But on some twisted, bizarre level it seems to work for them. If Niles ever did anything to hurt to his marriage, he's the one who'd suffer. He's my brother and I won't let him suffer!
Dad, I let you come along strictly on the agreement that you would not give directions.
Roosevelt'll add ten minutes.
Oh what, spatial relationships change when it rains?!
Dad, you cannot flood a fuel-injected engine. Oh, this so maddening. We're so close to the house, I can see the gargoyles!
We'd be stuck on Roosevelt!
Oh that is it, just call the auto club, I'm gonna make a dash for it.
STOOOOOO-OOOP! STOOOOOP!
My God, have you two gone mad?! You'll regret this for the rest of your lives!
Well, the two of you here alone, the fire, the candlelight, the nightie!
I'm sorry, Daphne, I didn't mean to suggest that, I didn't try to imply that...
I... wanted you to stop standing here in silence. A night like this calls for music! Daphne, please, some wine for all of us. Niles, join me at the piano, please.
Are you sure everything's alright?
Shall we?
Just remember Angela, cosmetic surgery is only a superficial solution. You can lift your eyelids, but it can't lift that little cloud of pessimism that hovers over you. Thank you for your call. So okay Roz, who's our next caller?
Roz? Perhaps this would be a good time to go to commercial break. We'll be right back after these messages.
A little disturbing, looking in the booth and seeing no one there, isn't it?
Oh, I forgot. Are those coming out today?
Well, I suppose it's the difference in our ages, but I don't find myself getting excited about... well, much of anything anymore.
YES!!! Yes, we got a nomination!
Get out, Noel.
Well I... I guess I'm a little more excited than I let on. Well, it'll be a big feather in my cap to win this, first year in radio and all that?
We got the nomination!
DAMN IT, ROZ!
Niles, a patient has a right to change therapists.
Bebe, what are you doing here?
I WAS NOMINATED! I WAS NOMINATED!
Well, I was.
So, this, ah, this is quite a surprise, you know. Actually I'd, ah, forgotten that the nominations were coming out today.
Well, that's not sibling rivalry rearing its vicious little green snout?
Roz!
Roz, Roz, Roz!
I know! Come and sit down. You know, I've never really won anything before. Although back in prep school, the Existentialist Club once named me "Most Likely To Be."
The Channel Eight reporter? “Television's Most Handsome Man.”
I'd better get myself on the ball here, I've got a lot to do.
Well... seems the only thing you haven't taken care of is finding me a date.
Daphne, you may not be aware of this, but there is a special secret to opening a bottle of champagne, especially a fine French champagne as unprepossessing as this one – two hundred dollars a bottle. In order to prevent spillage, one does not simply twist out the cork. Instead, one holds the cork stationary, you see, and then gives the bottle three easy turns. One...
OH, GOD! Oh no, get some glasses!
Eddie, get away from there, you mangy little cur! Oh, Lord. Oh well, that wasn't too bad, I believe we've salvaged most of it.
Thanks, dad. Means a lot to me.
Mmm. It's quite exquisite, isn't it? Dad, what do you think?
Well Daphne, there's never been any doubt that I, I think of you as my equal in every way.
Oh, would you?
Oh, just answer the door!
Roz, I believe she was referring to your SeaBea nomination?
Girls, can we just cut out the pajama party, please?
Oh Daphne, save your breath. It could come out of a box and Roz would have a glass of it.
“Wendy Ashiro wishes to thank the members of the voting committee for her nomination, and hopes they consider her for the award.” This is nothing but shameless self- promotion. It's in very bad taste.
You're not suggesting we put our own ad in this thing?
THANK YOU, DAD! Well, all right, I – just as long as it's tasteful and understated.
No, wait a minute, wait a minute, we really want to stand out, why run another boring old ad? We should do something different, something unique.
Okay, okay, we could do that, but we should do something else, something to keep our names in their minds. You know what I mean? Uh, I know. Personalized gifts, uh, from oh, the new Tiffany's catalogue.
I saw the most incredible cigarette cases in here.
Oh, yeah.
No, we've already got your vote, Roz.
It's a simple “Thank you” for a nomination.
Me too!
To start off the second hour, I would like to depart from my usual format because I recently read a book that... well, it truly just knocked my mental socks off. It's called “The Menopausal Male,” and its author, the distinguished psychiatric scholar Dr. Helmut Bruga, has graciously agreed to join us today from his offices at the University Washington. Dr. Bruga, guten tag. I've been an admirer of yours for a long time.
Really?
Back to your book. Now, we're all very familiar with the changes in the female menopause, but your research indicates...
Yes, of course.
Yes, your research indicates that the reproductive imperative is re-awakened in later life, when the man is...
...Thank you.
Yes well, back to male menopause.
Well, our time has just flown by. Thank you for joining us, Dr. Bruga, and for so vividly proving your point.
Oh, I think Roz has your number!
Hello, Niles. Whatever are you doing here?
Emeralds? Well, may I see it?
Why not?
I see. Well, I'm sure Maris will never think of looking for it there.
Join a health club, Niles.
Oh, hi, Dad.
As if there's anything left on her that needs tightening.
Oh Dad, no, no! Not more duct tape!
You know, Dad, instead of repairing this old relic all the time, why don't we just bring the Eames down here?
How about Florida?
God, you know, when you think of all the care I put into decorating my home, only to have it mocked by this atrocity.
Yes well, it's not as simple as all that. I mean, one would have to find the appropriate moment. I mean, Dad does have his feelings, and one should consider those, and he has quite an attachment to this little chair...
Oh, like you're not.
Oh Niles, Niles, I'm just having some fun with you. Actually, I think Maris is rather attractive - in a, a minimalist sort of way. Oh, forget it, I'm just upset about the chair.
Oh, really? Well, enlighten me, doctor.
Stop saying “Be they!”
Yes, of course. So what you're saying is that if I should, say, go down to the store and buy Dad a new chair, throw this one in the trash heap, I wouldn't be doing it for me, I'd be doing it for him.
All right, now this is not a moment for the faint of heart. We're treading a thin line here, Niles. We've got to find something that compliments my decor as well as fulfills Dad's requirements.
Oh, dear God. Can you imagine anyone would have something like that in their living room?
Excuse me, perhaps you could help us here.
Well, we're looking for a chair.
Wait, wait-wait-wait!
Yes well, perhaps you could direct us to your recliners, preferably one in suede.
“Lazy-guy.” I wonder what they call the deluxe model? The “Hopeless Slack-Ass?”
You know, I-I hate to admit it, but that would not look altogether hideous in my living room.
Go ahead, Niles. Try it out.
Right, Niles. I'm sure it would fit right in with all Maris's 18th-century antiques.
Well, I don't really think that's necessary. You see, I'm buying it for my father..
And who knows about other people's tastes..
Something seems as if it's not quite right, really, I just... whoa... OH, MOMMY!
Eddie? What is the matter with him?
Oh, stop it! If I had stuck Dad's feet into a bucket of cement and thrown him into Puget Sound, you would have been the tiny little splash that followed him!
Oh. that must be Leo. Wait'll you see this.
Come on in.
All right, now just be careful now, Leo. Watch the furniture and the walls.
All right, all right. Quickly, quickly. I'm sure Beavis will start to wonder where you are.
Well, try it out, try it out. And it has a little surprise.
Oh, quick, quick, that's Dad. Get out, get out, get out.
Hi, Dad. I've ah, got a little surprise for you.
It's your new easy chair.
It's down in the storage space. Come on, try this one out.
Dad, Dad, you haven't even sat in it yet. Come on, come on, come on down, Martin Crane.
Well Dad, but why? I mean this chair's a lot more comfortable than the old one, and it's, it's therapeutic as well.
All right Dad, fine. The important thing is that you lived with it for a full fifteen seconds. Leo!
Are you saying that someone broke into my storage space and stole my father's chair?
Well, that's where I told you to put it. You did put it there, didn't you?
Listen Leo, you have got to find that chair. I don't care what you have to do. Comb the entire building, search the neighborhood, just find my father’s chair!
YES!
Dad, you could at least show a little gratitude, I didn't do this for me, I did it for you.
Geez, you're acting like I lost the chair on purpose.
Oh, baloney! Ever since you got here all I've tried to do is make you comfortable. I don't even know why I bothered. I mean, everybody knows Martin Crane doesn't like calfskin, he prefers duct tape!
And food crumbs! There we are! And let's have a little dribble of beer while we're at it! Why not? There, that's delightful! Oh, and let's not forget - to top it all off - just the slightest bit of dog hair!
Oh Dad, I don't know why you’re carrying on this way. We are, after all, talking about a twenty-five year-old, broken-down chair. If you don't like this chair, I'll get you another one. Any chair you want!
Hellish.
Sunday?
Service.
Churches don't have shows, they have services.
All right, all right.
Mm-hmm.
You know Roz, maybe you should take a sick day sometime, call into the show yourself.
Good afternoon, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane. Now before I take my first caller, I'd like to make a personal appeal. Last Saturday, my father’s chair was taken from in front of the Elliott Bay Towers, and it's a runny split-pea green and mud-brown striped recliner with the occasional spot of stuffing popping out from underneath a strip of duct tape. Aas incredible as this may seem, I'm offering a handsome reward for its safe return. Thank you. And now Roz, who's on line one?
So remember Stephanie, a little emotional flexibility is a good thing. Just as the mighty oak snaps and falls in a windstorm, so the weeping willow bends and lives to see another day. Thank you for your call. So Roz, any update on the chair?
Really? And what are they?
Funny stuff, people. Well, let's just go to commercial break so you all can chuckle through these words from Yukon Lumber.
Ingrates! I dedicate my life to clearing away their psychic debris and this is how they repay me.
What? What is it?
Oh, great. Oh, thank God. By tonight my dad will be safely back in his beer-stained, flea-infested, duct-taped recliner, adjusting his shorts with one hand and cheering on Jean-Claude van Damme with the other. Yes, it's quite a little piece of heaven I've carved out for myself, isn't it?
Excuse me?
Uh, Mrs. Warren...?
Well, if I could just have a word with you...
Ooh, “Ten Little Indians.” I thought I recognized the mise en scene. I did this play years ago. "On the contrary, Major. Many a psychotic killer would appear to be quite normal. You see, you can never suspect that underneath that calm exterior there lies the heart of a maniac, ah-ha-ha." Happens to be true, by the way.
Oh, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
From the radio? KACL Talk... well, never mind. Listen, someone told me that my chair would be here, and sure enough here it is, so I'll just get this out of your hair.
Well, I'm sure that's quite true, but you see...
Yes, but you see, you don't understand, this chair belongs to my father and I must return it to him...
Yes, you don't understand, I'm in a very difficult position here.
Listen, I'll give you two hundred dollars, you can get yourself a new chair.
Listen, Mrs. Warren, I realize you are in an untenable position here, but I am speaking to you now from the heart. You see, by putting this chair into the trash, I have wounded my father. I realize it's just a chair to you, but to him it is a treasure trove of life memories that I have thoughtlessly discarded because I didn't like the way it looked in my living room. I have sacrificed heart and soul for form and function. Believe me, I am terribly ashamed of myself for that. This chair is the last, best chance to forge any kind of meaningful relationship with the only father I'll ever have!
Now just hold on for a minute!
Oh well, what else can you do? You'll have to cancel the performance. Too bad. I'll just take this along with me.
Well, I'm sure somehow the American theatre will survive. You can't do the show without Dr. Armstrong, he's too important to the plot. I know, that's the part I played.
Well, yes I... Oh, no-no-no-no-no, you're not thinking...
I-I'm sorry, it's out of the question!
But it's been years. I hardly can remember any of the lines.
And you are...?
Of course. Forgive me, I'm not quite myself until I've shaved and showered.
Miss Moon! For future reference, if you could just keep your ablutions on a need-to-know basis? Thank you. Now, my coffee.
Good morning to you too, dad.
Hey, this isn't my coffee. Where's my finely-ground Kenya blend from Starbucks?
Didn't that just dress it up?
Oh, no, dad, dad, look, all I ever have is a bran muffin, and a touch of yogurt.
Ah yes, the Crane family specialty. Fried eggs swimming in fat, served in a delightfully hollowed-out piece of white bread. I can almost hear my left ventricle slamming shut as I speak.
No. I'd like to leave some blood flow for the clot to go swiftly to my brain. Can't have my coffee, can't have my breakfast, Oh god, it wasn't a dream. I'll get him for this. And his little dog, too. Where's my paper? Who's stolen my paper? Mrs. Everly, you old bat, I know it's you!
Sorry, sorry. Oh, wait a minute, this... where's the rubber band? This paper has been read.
That is not the point. Dad, dad? Come and sit down please, would you?
Oh, that's right, I forgot, you're psychic.
Let us get something clear. I am not a morning person. I have to ease into my day slowly. First I have my coffee - sans eggshells or anything else one tends to pick out of the garbage. Then I have a low-fat, high-fiber breakfast. Finally I sit down and read a crisp, new newspaper. If I am robbed of the richness of my morning routine, I cannot function. My radio show suffers, and like ripples in a pond, so do the many listeners that rely on my advise, to help them through their troubled lives. I'm sorry if this may sound priggish, but I have grown comfortable with this part of myself. It is the magic that is me.
Down Eddie, down. I said down. Good boy Eddie, just get down. Good good, Eddie get down. Eddie, GET DOWN! Dad, dad, I can't read my paper, Eddie's staring at me.
I'm trying to.
Don't even think about it!
You're listening to Dr. Frasier Crane. Our topic today is... intrusion. Those who encroach on our sense of personal space. The neighbor who plays his stereo too loud. The person who sits next to you in the movie theater when there are fifty other vacant seats. Now let's return to our calls, and let me remind you once more, that our topic today is intrusion, since so many of you seem to be forgetting that.
Hello Leonard, I'm listening.
Yes Leonard, and your comments on intrusion?
Well Leonard, it sounds like you may have a very serious condition known as agoraphobia. But you're not alone.
Listen Leonard, I'm afraid your problem is too difficult to deal with in the time we have remaining, so if you stay on the line, someone will give you the name of a qualified therapist. Well, that's all the time we have for today. You've been listening to Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780. Stay tuned for the news. Then next up, Bob “Bulldog” Briscoe and the Gonzo Sports Show. I never miss it. Yeah, right.
Oh, listen Roz, just hang on to them. I think I'll stay in here for a while. Today more than most, I feel an overwhelming need for solitude. I've got a fascinating book here, a comfortable chair and a soundproof booth.
Bulldog, what are you doing here?
Let me just get out of your way.
Yes. If only Jeffrey Dahmer had picked up a squash racquet.
That was your mother?
You talk to your mother like that?
Well, isn't that healthy.
Oh, hardly. We hardly speak at all.
Ah yes, well you know, we're just not really similar people. In fact, my brother and I are a lot more like my mother. You know, if it wasn't biologically impossible I'd swear that dad was dropped in a basket on our doorstep.
Maybe some other time. Right now, I'd like to continue my quest for solitude. I'll go somewhere where my father, Mary Poppins and the hound from hell can't find me. I think maybe I'll just go sit under the shade of a tree and read in a quiet park.
Hello. Hello? Dad? Daphne? Eddie? Could it be?
Toreador, Don't spit on the floor, Use the cuspidor-a What do you think it's for-a?
Oh, glory be. Oh, happy day. Not that I'm not delighted to see the two of you, it's just that I'm in the middle of a very exciting chapter.
No, I just poured myself a glass of wine, thank you.
Oh dad, you wouldn't find it very interesting.
Well, I haven't formed a opinion yet. Oddly enough, I'm having a little trouble getting into it.
Dad will you... Listen, I don't want to offend, but if you wouldn't mind, could you just leave me alone, let me read my book?
What are you doing?
Well, it's very annoying!
All right, all right, I'll tell you what my problem is, I can't get a moment’s peace alone in my own house.
Perhaps only evenings.
Well, of course you heard it, you're never out of earshot!
Hey, hey-hey-hey! I don't have to sit here and listen to that!
Oh right, oh well, right now it sounds very inviting!
Oh, what fresh hell is this?
I'm sorry, Niles, it's just I've been trying to read this book and it seems no matter where I alight I get interrupted.
Great. Now you've ruined the ending!
Father? You mean the man who's driving me crazy? The man who makes me dread the sight of my very doorstep? The man who just drove me out of my own home?
Niles, I don't know what I'm going to do. Dad and I had another fight. I'm afraid if we stay under the same roof together we'll do irreparable harm to the relationship we have as it is.
Well, if I didn't feel so guilty I'd, I'd do what I should have done in the first place: just move dad and Daphne into their own apartment.
Refresh me.
I still do. There isn't anything I'd like more, but he makes it impossible. I can't read my book, I can't have my coffee, I can't have any peace in my own home.
Well, I... Maybe I haven't done my best. I guess I owe that to the old man, don't I? Well ah, thanks for the chat, Niles. You're a good brother, and a credit to the psychiatric profession.
Daphne? What are my things doing here? My leather wing chair? My Kusami lamp?
Of course, of course.
Oh yes, Kyle. Well, give him my regards.
The brown one.
Well thanks, but I'm not. Ah... Dad, I'm sorry about the blow-up earlier.
You know, I guess there's no secret that there's been a lot of tension between us, and I think maybe one of the reasons is that we never have a chance to sit down and talk. And I... I thought we might have a conversation.
Yes, I think now would be a good time.
It doesn't have to be a long, drawn-out conversation, I'm talking about three minutes of your life.
Well, alright. If it'll make you any happier I will get the egg-timer and I will set it for three minutes.
Well, the idea is for us to have a normal, honest conversation like two normal people without getting on each other’s nerves. Ready? Go.
One second? That's our personal best? Let us see if we can beat it. Ready? Go.
No sports.
Agreed. Ready? Go.
Alright, alright. I'll, I'll tell you something about myself that ah, that you don't know. Ah, six months ago, when Lilith and I were really on the rocks, ah, there was a time of depression I went through that was so terrible I actually climbed out on a ledge and wondered if life was worth living. I... And then I thought of Frederick.
Good, dad.
Well, that's the point of this whole experiment. To tell one another something that we don't know about each other. Something vulnerable. Now it's your turn.
That's it? You call that vulnerable?
Oh well... I'm not talking about that kind of pain, I'm talking about your emotions, your soul. Some sort of painful, gut- wrenching experience.
Oh, God! Always the flip answer.
Well, not to me. Oh, how should I expect anything out of you? You are the most cold, intractable, unapproachable, distant, stubborn, cold man I've ever known!
Egghead? Egghead?
Oh, you are so infuriating!
Dad, I don't think you see how serious this is.
We're not getting along, and it's not getting any better. I'm not sure how to say this, but ah... I ah, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to...
Well, yes. I guess it wasn't so hard to say after all.
What?
Couple of years, huh?
Either that, or it'll seem like eternity.
Okay.
Wow. You know, in all these years you've never asked me that. I'd love to have a beer with you, dad.
Right.
Hello, Rachel. I'm listening.
Oh goody, this is sweeps week!
That is a definite “Yikes.”
All right, Rachel, Rachel, now listen. Before you go off half-cocked, let's try to remember this is a very sensitive issue for your husband. Obviously those ashes mean a very great deal to him. And although I don't believe it's appropriate that he keep them in the bedroom, I suppose you could maybe move them to another room?
Rachel, what happened?
Well, as Rachel helps Phil's wife off the floor, we have reached the end of our second hour. Now, we'll be right back after the news, so please join me again, Frasier Crane and my invaluable producer... ah...
Roz! KACL Talk radio, 780 AM.
Roz, I'm so sorry. Your name was right there in front of me and I just couldn't put my finger on it.
Well, it's been happening to me a lot lately. Last night I walked into the kitchen and I just stood there. I couldn't remember what I'd gone in there for.
I made an appointment with Timo? I don't remember that.
That is not funny!
Say what?
It is not your birthday. Oh, God. Oh God, it is. Oh, oh Roz, I'm so sorry! Let me take you out to lunch after work, okay?
That's it. I'm outta here!
No, I am not forgetting anything, thank you, Roz.
We're back.
Would either of you mind if I noodled at the piano for a bit?
Point well taken.
That's strange. For the life of me, I can't remember what the next note is. I know this piece backwards and forwards.
Oh, thank you dad. Now it's perfectly clear.
I'm sorry. Just getting fed up with this nonsense. I'm forgetting names all the time. You know, last week, twice I forgot where I parked my car.
Oh, well of course I'm getting older. We're all getting older. But I'm not that old.
Niles, I'm forty-one. That's hardly middle-aged. Middle age is more like fifty, fifty-five.
Niles, where are you two off to?
Listen Daphne, before you go, I'd like to ask you a little question here. When you look at me, um, do you see me as a young man, or as an older man?
Big surprise, I got a headache. Let me get an aspirin. The very suggestion that I'm descending into old age just because I can't remember a couple of names, or a tune on the piano.
What's on the pizza?
Good lord, dad, what are you suggesting? I'm gonna rush off to a plastic surgeon to get an eye lift and a chin tuck? Oh, dear god!
Dad, please spare me, I am a psychiatrist, I know the routine. Good lord, who is that?
My God, dad. You look like one of the Village People.
Are those love beads?
Okay, dad.
Ahhhh...
I have no idea.
Finally, something I'm glad I forgot.
Milan must be beside itself. What an innovative use synthetic fibres. I believe if you recycle these, you can turn them into milk containers.
You brought these over for me?!
I do not have a gut! I have... contours.
Oh, no.
Oh, you really think so?
Oh, well. Thank you very much, ah...?
Ah, Carrie.
...I don't really think it's me.
Well, I suppose I could try it on. But you know, just out of curiosity, how old do you think I am?
No, no, no, please go ahead.
Are you serious?
Are those Armani shirts expensive?
I'll take two!
No, I'm a psychiatrist.
Well actually, lately I've been leaning more towards Jung. Guess that's because I'm “Jung at heart.”
Gotta be the oldest joke in the psychiatrist's joke book. Can't believe I said it.
I bet you laugh at all of your customer’s jokes.
...Cute jokes or customers?
Oh, just a second, dad, I'm trying on a pair of pants. Hey, did you notice that girl who came over and asked to help us earlier?
Well you know, we just had a little conversation a minute ago and uh, I could swear she was flirting with me.
Oh no, I know a sales pitch when I hear one, and that was no sales pitch. She's definitely interested in me. Think I may have to see where this may lead.
Oh, dear. It sneaks right up on you, doesn't it? What am I thinking about? A forty-one year-old man going out with a girl that's twenty-two, twenty-three?
Yes, thank you for pointing that out, dad.
This is Dr Frasier Crane, KACL 780 talk radio, thanking you for joining us today. Up next, Bob “Bulldog” Briscoe and the “Gonzo Sports Show.” Until tomorrow, here's wishing you good mental health.
Thank goodness. I'm sure years from now we'll all remember where we were the moment we heard the joyful news.
Hi, Carrie.
They're new, Bulldog. Some of the finer department stores deliver garments to their busier customers.
Bulldog, as certain as I am that any young lady in the world would love to set your face on fire, Carrie, I believe, is here to see me.
Yes, well, I'm not sure. But I certainly look forward to running that theory by him. Well um, thank you for the pants, Carrie, and uh, do I owe you anything?
I'm very flattered that you'd like to go out with me, and uh, jeez, I think you're a beautiful young woman..
Well it's, it's our ages. I mean, how old are you?
That's not polite. I just don't think it would be appropriate for us to date.
Right. Ha-ha. Well done.
Same to you.
She's too young.
I don't expect you to understand.
No, I'm not.
You never played hockey.
Yes, isn't he though?
Me? What, are you saying I should go out with her?
Roz, what about the age thing?
Oh, come on! You see an old man walking down the street arm in arm with a beautiful young girl, what do you think?
Well, thanks for coming, Niles.
Well Niles, I'd really like to talk...
Niles, I really don't...
Okay... A Big Mac, “I'm your Venus,” and Ripple.
Gladly.
No. No-no-no, I'm fine there. By the way, you were absolutely right, Niles.
Yes. But I do have a problem. You see, the other day I was asked out by a... this twenty-two year old girl that I met in a mall.
Well, I turned her down.
Niles! No, I'm just wondering if I made the right decision. You see, I would, I would love to go out with this girl. She's fantastic. I’m just afraid of looking like some old fool chasing after a young girl. Becoming a walking mid-life crisis cliché. Running around like that buffoon Stanley Barrister.
Oh, is that not beyond the pale? I mean, that girl - how old can she be?
I saw them, it was last Tuesday night, together.
That's what's so frightening. Well, this is what I'm afraid of. People will have the same conversation about me.
Thank you, Niles. So you think it would be okay to go out with this woman?
Well, it does to me. You're my brother, I value your opinion.
Don't be coy, Niles. And will you please stop pursing your lips? It makes you look like one of those old women they carve out of dried apples.
I don't know.
Niles, you are absolutely right.
Thank you, thank you. Oh, by the way Niles, if you were stranded on a desert island, what would you choose as your favorite meal, aria and wine?
You are SO predictable.
Carrie, hi.
Well um, I could lie to you and tell you I came here to shop, but actually I came here to see you.
Well, I've been thinking a lot about you too, and I just wanted to chat a little bit about why I thought we shouldn't go out.
Well, you see, I thought I was going through a phase. You know, well, a mid-life crisis to be frank. And ah, I was afraid if I went out with you I would be trying to recapture my youth or something.
Oh no, no. Because I went back and forth, you know? I felt like a fool, and then I didn't...
And then I thought maybe you just came along because, to fill some sort of a need or something.
Exactly. So... well. All right, I asked myself a few tough questions..
And well, I finally came to a decision.
Me too!
Yes, I'm sort of like the Wizard of Oz.
...Actually, I am full of crap. I had no idea that you might have been grappling with some personal issues here. Some psychiatrist, huh? The truth is, I came down here to talk you into going out with me. I guess it's still a pretty bad idea.
...Well, you know, let's not go down that road again.
See you around.
Oh look, Roz, Roz, my brochures are here! Oh, god, very exciting! Vacation!
Ooh, yes!
I plan to leave Dad and Eddie to fend for themselves while I go off and spend an obscene amount of money being pampered like a spoiled child. I know it's self-indulgent, but what else are vacations for? By the way, what are you doing for your week off?
Why don't you just write the words "bad son" on my forehead!
You know, it's just that when I think of the relationship I have with my dad I can't help but envy the relationship you have with your mother.
Roz, are you forgetting that my father lives with me? How much more time together could we spend!
You know, in his entire life, my dad has never been to Europe. It would be a way of connecting with him if I were the one to give him that. So, what would you charge me to take him to Ireland with you?
Dad, I've had an idea and I hope you're as excited about it as I am. I want to take you on vacation!
Well, I thought an adventure might do us good, give us a chance to have some fun, maybe get reacquainted, even do a little bonding.
Well, this isn't about where I want to go, this is about where you want to go.
Dad, I give you the world!
No, I suppose not.
Well, we obviously haven't struck the right chord yet, but we will, we will. Dad, why don't you just suggest something?
Yes I do! I'll go anywhere you want to! Anywhere!
Great! We're Americans, we should see America!
A Winnebago! Hot damn, that has a real ring to it!
Then that is exactly the trip we are going to take!
Absolutely!
Oh, the final touch! I almost feel like I'm in a trailer park already!
Oh, Niles. When I agreed to see America with Dad I thought we'd be staying in five-star resorts! When I said together I meant adjoining suites!
I can't do that, he's counting on this trip too much. It was his dream, he was going to go on this trip with Mom.
Niles listen, listen. If Dad and I get into a Winnebago together only one of us will come out alive. You’ve got to come with us!
I remember a car trip we took when I was nine? We drove from Seattle to Spokane. The only thing he said to me was, "I think we've got a problem with your brother Frasier."
I don't want to disappoint him!!
Yes Dad, it's the ultimate in virtual reality programming - actual reality.
Righto, Dad.
Manly! This is mine, and it's big!
Yes, it took quite a bit of skill to use it successfully at seventy miles per hour! Never really been fond of mayonnaise since...
You know, Dad, I was wondering. What inspired you to choose that uniquely American man-made wonder, Mount Rushmore?
Niles... Niles!
You know, what Daphne is saying is what we should really be doing!
Well, you know, why should we be so beholden to maps and schedules? We should roam! America has always been enchanted with the romance of the open highway. Jack Kerouac went “on the road,” Buzz and Todd got their “kicks on Route 66!” The adventure is in the journey! We should just ramble!
So?
Lost from where? We're in a house on wheels! Wherever we go, we're home!
Dad, we didn't miss anything!
We are now on the road less traveled. From now on there is a new order! We dance to the rhythm of the road.
So is life, Dad.
Oh Dad, Dad look! There's a historical marker up ahead! Let’s stop! Let's go see it, huh?
I don't know. The only word I saw was "Legendary."
Look Dad, you seem to be missing the freewheeling concept.
We're supposed to go where the wind blows us, for god's sakes!
What is this obsession you have with covering a certain distance?
What you call relaxing seems like a man with an obsession to me! Don't you think so, Niles?
Niles! What are you doing?!
Just give me that!
Well, some dreams cannot be denied! Okay dad, alright, you're good here, you're good on my side, dad. Alright, just go ahead, ease it right over, it's never to early to change lanes... Oh my God, it must be genetic.
Why?
This wouldn't have happened if you weren't so hell-bent on getting so many miles under your belt today!
Oh, then what's your solution dad?
Dad, I can't believe that you of all people, a former policeman, are actually suggesting that we commit a felony!
Oh, yes. This is foolproof...
TEA! Why don't you just wave a crumpet in the air and start singing, "God save the Queen"!!
I don't think there's any need to be. They're waving everyone through... they're not even asking any questions!
They're waving us through... they're waving us through... they're pulling us over... they're pulling us over!
Canada, wow!
Seattle, Washington. Oh, you want to know what country? Oh, well, America! Of course! I'm quite an American really, I vote all the time, and always for the law and order guy! I...
Oh, no. Yes, yes! Well, I rented it! It's American-made, you see, I always look for that union label...
Oh, right, uh, it's right here in this little side pocket. There's the registration. Let me get my license out for you... oh, yes, here we are!
Oh yes, great idea! A high-speed chase in an eight-ton motor home! It'll make an amusing anecdote for the border guard newsletter!
All strictly on the up and up...
It was just a mistake!
Yes, but ignorance of the law is no defense so take the little dog away and we'll be off!
Absolutely.
Thank you.
They would have returned you eventually! So dad, how long 'til we get home?
Oh no, I'm okay. I though maybe we'd chat a little bit.
Well, I had my suspicions but I hoped that wasn't the case.
That's why I asked him, but that's not why he came.
“I see you've got a badge there...” “Oh, yeah!”
You know dad, there's no reason for us to cut our trip short. According to this map we're not that far from Yellowstone.
Me, too!
You mean it? Just the two of us alone?
Just you and me, father and son!
All by ourselves!
Yes, of course.
Yeah. Wouldn't be fair to leave Niles just to ramble around that old house all by himself.
Yeah, absolutely. So, how long do you figure it'll take us to get to Yellowstone?
It'll be a nice surprise for the two of them when they wake up in the morning.
Tu ma frere.
Oh Dad, I told you it's our first writing session tonight.
Dad, I've solved that problem.
I've bought you these headphones, see? You'll be able to listen to the TV, without disturbing Niles and me as we work.
He can read about the game in tomorrow's paper. Try 'em out, Dad.
Yes, and it also has another little feature that I like a lot. Watch this.
Hey, Dad! Nice shirt. Did they throw that in the last time you had your tires rotated?
Okay, okay, my turn. Hey, Dad? Remember-
Just you! Alright now, Niles, this is no time to procrastinate.
I hate to squash your enthusiasm, but don't you think before We start actually typing the book, we should discuss what the book is going to be about!
Hmm, that's right. Yeah, this has to be interesting!
Yes, and if we throw in a few references to heaving bosoms, we're bound to make Book of the Month Club.
I like the introduction idea. Dad, OK, give us a story which depicts little Frasier and little Niles at their conflicted best.
Dad, the name of the lake is immaterial.
Dad, you're missing the point here.
Dad, we just wanted the story!
Quite a resource, isn't he?
Okay, back to case histories. Well, I suppose I could go take my files out of storage after the re... Niles, is there a light bulb over my head?
No, I'm actually asking you if there's a light bulb over my head! Of course I have an idea, it's my radio show. I mean, what better source of case histories can there be? I'll just ask my listeners to call in with their personal stories of sibling conflict, and you could be my guest on the show.
In essence, yes. What do you think?
Hello, Roz.
He's going to be my guest on the show today.
OK, Roz, bye-bye, have a good show.
OK, Niles, sit down, take a deep breath and try not to spit on the mike! Hello Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I have a very special guest with me today - my brother, the eminent psychiatrist, Dr. Niles Crane.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I don't.
Just try to be yourself, will you? Our topic today is siblings: what makes you love them, what makes you hate them...
They could be things that are going on right now! Roz, who's our first caller?
Hello, Donald.
We're listening!
So, you were completely bald.
Amazing! Well, there you have it, Seattle - the miracle the sibling relationship spelled out in an unselfish act of head-shaving. Well, that's about all the time we have. I'd like to thank my brother Dr. Niles Crane for being here today. Niles, I would shave my head for you.
This is Dr. Frasier Crane, I'll be back tomorrow. One Crane flying solo.
Oh, it's all water under the pont-neuf.
Oh, hello Sam, you're on speakerphone.
You did! And?
Well, Sam Of course we could, but you know, they're a little rough, Sam.
Friday's fine!
My God, what are we going to do?
It's due on Friday!
Wait, wait, I just remembered a story about George and Ira Gershwin when they had to meet a deadline. They would lock themselves in a hotel room, free from distractions, and not come out until their task was complete.
I'm with you, mon frere. We cannot be intimidated by the tyranny of a blank page. All we need to get a good start here is... Room Service!
Niles, you're right! All we need is a good opening sentence. Something that will smack the reader right between the eyes and then take him on a virtual roller-coaster ride of self awareness and discovery.
“From Romulus and Remus to the Le Nain Sisters, sibling relationships have sparked psychological debate throughout the world.” Interesting.
Well, I said it was interesting. The task ahead of us now is to decide whether we'd like an interesting opening or a good one.
No! In truth I'm not. I never cared for Romulus, I never cared for Remus and the reference to the Le Nain Sisters is from the friggin' moon.
I will.
Alright, alright, put this down! "The key to a good sibling relationship is the ability to be open and honest."
Well, put that in there.
What are you doing? What was that crap about boundaries?
The thought was finished. It didn't need finishing, for God's sake. Now it's a run-on sentence.
Well, I don't!
Alright then, let me type!
Niles, you haven't written a thing all day, except to ruin a perfectly good opening sentence.
You're an incomplete thought! What happened to the iced tea?
Niles, I've just had an epiphany.
No, it's not for the book. I've just realised why so many writers become bloated alcoholic suicides. No, don't type that in.
Oh, Dear God!
No, it's dawn. It's Friday! Oh Niles, why don't we just admit it. We can't work together, there's never going to be any book!
Oh, will you get off it! Come on, the fat lady has sung! The curtain has been run down here. I'll type it for you in capital letters!
Let's just go home.
Oh, so that's what this little tantrum is all about, huh? You're jealous of my celebrity?
You're crying about something that we can't change!
Oh, let it go, Niles!
I do not have a fat face!
Well, at least I'm not SPINDLY!
You, Spindly.
Spindly!
Spindly!
You take that back!
I will make you.
Well, here's making you...
Gimme that-
Niles! Niles! Stop it! We're psychiatrists, not pugilists!
I can't believe you fell for that!
YOU STOLE MY MOMMY!
Oh my God, oh my God. Niles, I've gotta get out of here. This entire idea has been a fiasco since the start. It's the stupidest idea you ever had, I should never have agreed to it! Goodbye!
Morning, all.
Why shouldn't I be?
Dad, the mark of a pure man is that one that realizes he can't control his circumstances, he can only control his response.
I do not have a brother! I'm an only child!
What are you doing here?
I'm not paying any of this!
And you're a no-talent hack.
Dad, that's all very nice...
Yes Dad, I suppose there is. Niles, would you like a muffin?
Alright! Niles, sorry things didn't work out with the book. You have no reason to feel inferior to me. You're an accomplished psychiatrist, a decent man, and you stand second to no-one.
Oh, what the heck!
Gee, I'm sorry, Blake. When I told you to close your eyes and visualize that you were on a tropical island, I didn't realize you were calling from your car phone.
Well, I'm glad you're alright. And thank you for your call.
Well, look who's popped into the booth! It's Gil Chesterton, KACL's own food critic - which means, it's my cue to hit the road. So, till tomorrow, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you... a good day... and-and good health.
Hello, Gil.
Thank you. That's very kind.
Much like her own.
No, no, thank you. I'll be fine tomorrow.
Yes. I don't like his phony British accent much, either.
I just don't trust him. Nobody's that nice unless they want something from you.
Oh, yes! He was very generous to Bonnie Weems! Bought her a case of wine, asked her to let him have her timeslot when she was off on vacation. When she got back, she had been banished to the midnight to four a.m. slot!
I'm just saying we should watch our backs. How would you like to work from midnight to four a.m.? What would happen to your social life? Those are your peak hours!
No, I'm not.
I'll see you tomorrow, Roz.
Morning, Dad, Daphne.
It's just a little bug.
Don’t worry, Dad. As you've often said, "if you can walk, you can work." Took kind of an ironic twist the day you got shot in the hip!
Well, I'm out of here.
Well, I didn't get injured playing soccer.
Dad, Daphne, thank you, thank you. But I'm a physician. I believe that I am the best monitor of my own condition. I'm fine! Fit as a fiddle!
I'm sick...!
I just bet you do.
Dad, you know, you don't have to sit in here with me all day.
Thank you for reminding me, Daphne.
Thank you, Dad.
No, no thank you.
Wouldn’t that have been a tragedy? You wouldn't be here with me now!
A little more ginger ale, please.
Oh Daphne, this time make it shaved ice, not cubes. And I don't like those straws. Can I have the bendy kind? And the saltines, they're too salty. I need the low-sodium.
Niles! Put the hanky down, for God's sake! It's not the plague!
I can see why her village is remote!
Oh, Niles, would you mind?
Oh, hello Eddie! For once I'm actually glad to see you! Here.
Hello.
Awful, thank you.
I knew it, I knew it! Geez... OK, Roz, you can count on me. I'll be there tomorrow.
OK, I'll be in tomorrow.
Oh, I just don't trust Gil Chesterton. I think he's after my timeslot. Oh Niles, will you stop it with the alcohol!
I just can't let that smarmy little chowhound do my show for another day! Oh God, anybody would be better! Niles, Niles, would you do my show for me?
Oh, no! I filled in for you when you were too sick to meet with your "Fear of Intimacy" group!
Oh, I guess you're right. It's probably a bad idea. Doing my show requires a set of abilities that you just don't possess. You have to be able to size up your patients very quickly, and then dispense your advice in an entertaining and insightful manner.
Then you're not going to do my show?
Listen to him! He's terrible!
Oh, it could go up to a hundred and five, I couldn't be better! My timeslot is safe. Niles is as dry as this toast you brought me - with the crust still on. I'm sure when I’m ready to go back, they'll send a limo!
Perfect, thank you. Oh Daphne, Daphne, look. Here, take these tissues away. I, they hurt my nose. I want that kind with the little moisturizer droplet between the sheets. And the rose petals in the humidifier - I think they're starting to wilt.
Good? Good?! The little rat is scintillating! Oh, why couldn't he just do what's expected of him for once and stink?! He's even better than Gil Chesterton! Oh, God - they're trying to make me look bad!
No! No! It's made me clear-headed. I’ve gotta get down there, go to that station, reclaim what's rightfully mine!
There'll be no more filling in by anybody! No way, no how! No way, no...
Oh, who's going to stop me?
Oh, how are you - a man with a limp and a cane - going to stop a man in the prime of his life?
As you know, I was out sick most of the week, and I'd like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to Gil Chesterton and to my brother Niles for doing such a great job of filling in for me.
I really appreciate it, guys.
Well Roz, now that I'm back to normal and feeling great, who's our first caller?
Let's just hear what Sonya has to say...
DAPHNE! DAPHNE!
I had a dream! I had a dream! They are plotting against me!
Oh, that's just what you want me to think! You're probably in league with Niles! I know about the two of you! Oh, you pretend not to know, but you know!
I’ve gotta get back down there and take my show back!
Yes, well, these prescriptions will take care of that and more. Now here, run down to the drugstore, post-haste!
That's only until I take a couple of these!
Thank you! But the moment I give a fig for what you think is the day that England produces a great chef, a world-class bottle of wine, and a car that has a decent electrical system!
Are you done?
Then scurry on down to the drugstore and get those filled while I get dressed!
Well, it's no wonder. I've taken some wonder drugs, I feel wonderful! So I'm going to go do my show now - so ta-ta, Pieman!
Hello, Niles. I've come to take back the reins of my show, so you can just scoot out of there.
I'm fine! It's just that the drugs I took have some minor slide effects...
Whoa! Ha! It wasn't doing that before!
All right... OK...
Maybe... maybe the two of you could help me find someone to drive me home?
Hello, Seattle, I'm back! This is Dr. Frasier Crane. I promise I will never leave you again... so, let's take our first caller. Hello, I'm listening.
And your name is?
Oh, I'm sorry. We've already had a Robert on the show today. Goodbye!
Who is this?
Well, Janice, what's your problem?
Boring!
I'm - I'm, I'm doing my show! I can't! I'm on the air!
But it’s my show, it's my booth... Hey, this is fun! Ha! Make it go faster! Whee!
Daphne! Daphne!
I had another dream! I dreamt I went down to the station all doped-up and tried to take over my show and made a big fool out of myself, and they-they dragged me out of there like a lunatic in a butterfly net!
Oh, Daphne. Can I have a little lemonade? With fresh lemons and maybe a little sprig of mint?
Is Maris lost again?
It's kinda busy, any chance of getting a table?
Show me the look.
It must be a riot on camping trips!
No, go right ahead.
Yes, I'm thinking. It's a seemingly complex question.
Yes, it is.
Are you happy?
Oh, let's not just gloss over that. You, my only brother, has just told me you're not happy and it pains me to hear that, so why?
Do you like them?
Well, I'm not much of a tassel guy.
I don't think so.
Hmm, yes.
Oh, I wouldn't say that's true. In a word... forget it.
I'd rather not.
So, you really do love her?
You mean it's not human?
I'm told it was a lot like that near the end in the Hitler household.
Aw, well...
Hi, Roz.
Oh, let me guess, a man?
Yes.
Ah! Love at first sight!
Oh, Roz, honey, you say that about every guy you meet. Let's just see if this one calls back.
Good Luck!
Niles, it isn't a question of liking or not liking. She despises you!
I think you may be onto something there, Sherlock!
Roz, yes she's very attractive.
Roz and me? No!
Oh well, I'm a normal man with normal urges. She does have a silk blouse that falls open a bit when she leans over the cart rack. But mixing work with romance, I don't know, is it ever worth it?
Good work there, Niles!
Oh, just something that happened the other morning. I asked dad to pass me a bran muffin. You know what he said to me? He said, "What's the magic word?"
He didn't think it was very amusing when I said "rest home!"
”Wow!” Did you say “Wow?”
Oh, absolutely. It means you're a gay man. Your life with Maris was a charade and you should have come out of the closet years ago. Are you going to tell dad or shall I?
Well you know, as long as we're picking at each other's scabs here, I found another one of Eddie's chew toys in my sweater cubby the other day, hairs all over my favorite pullover. I know he sleeps in there when I'm not home!
That's it, my bedroom is off limits to this fleabag.
...“to be a burden to anybody.”
Dad, please, we go through this little melodrama at least once a week. Will you just sit down, it's raining outside.
A dollar-fifty.
Oh, I tried that damn hand cream, I was so oily I couldn't get a grip on the doorknob. I awaited to be rescued, finally when some guy came in I said, "Oh God, am I glad to see you." I can't even begin to describe the look he gave me.
There it is!
Oh yeah, what's new?
Oh well, best thing to do, just ignore him when he gets sarcastic. Isn't that right, Niles? Niles?
Niles!
Not until I've had my first one, thanks! Why is it always so difficult between me and dad?
Yes I do empathize with him. I just can't help wishing I could just kick that cane out from under him once in a while and that he would land on Eddie!
I am! And you know, sometimes I do see the fruits of my labor. You know, just the other night dad was watching TV and I had fallen asleep on the couch and suddenly I stirred, I felt something on my head, and dad was standing above me stroking my hair.
Well, he said, "don't think it's time you got a hair cut, you're starting to look like bozo!" I know he was only covering though. But what do you think?
No! Do you think he was covering?
That's a little frothier than I had in mind!
Well, I asked, but it was an Olympic year. The agency was fresh out.
Niles, you're not considering leaving Maris?
Well, I suppose the situation you're in is that you'd like to stay with Maris but you'd like an affair with Daphne.
No, you can't!
Oh, I haven't answered it, have I?
Well, I guess the best way I can think of saying it is...
What's the matter?
If only it stopped there!
Oh, I'm sorry Roz, why don't you join us?
You think she's kidding, don't you? You know, I think about Roz's life and it makes me wonder about my own. I haven't been exactly burning up the social scene lately.
But what if I don't? What if I end up old and alone? I just might have to buy a funny little dog and move in With Frederick. I guess I don't need to worry about that for a while.
Well, I guess I'd have to say...
Hello dad, what are you doing back here?
I already have.
Dad, dad, listen. Has something been bothering you these past few days?
Come on, say it.
Just give it up, Niles! Dad, I'm sorry. Listen, come and have a seat.
You know what, there's no reason to stop us celebrating anyway. Tonight, we'll take you out for dinner.
Ach du lieber!
You know, dad I'd give you a ride, but I've got to stop by the station first.
Ah.
In the greater Seattle area, the number is 555-KACL. We've got a number of lines open, so please give us a call. Now who's up next, Roz?
Hello, Pam. This is Dr Frasier Crane; I'm listening.
Well, they're your husband's parents - what does he suggest?
A creative approach, but hardly a long-term solution.
Well, then you have a choice. Either you risk hurting their feelings, or you spend the rest of your life diving for cover whenever they happen to drop on by...
Who... your in-laws?
Well then, why don't you just take this opportunity to... Oh, for pete's sake! Why don't you just tell them how you feel?
Yes... ah, well, as, er, Pam belly- crawls across her living room, let's take a moment for this message from... “Carpet Fresh.”
How's that for a segue?
I just don't think it's very smart to make rude gestures at other drivers!
That doesn't matter! You, you do not antagonize a man whose bumper sticker says, “If you're close enough to read this, I'll kill you!”
Well, it didn't quite work out the way I planned, but er... Daphne, what are you doing?
Well, I appreciate everything you're doing, Daphne, but a man's knickers are certainly... Ooh... How'd you get them so... soft?
Oh, well keep up the good work!
Hello? Yes. Well, hi Niles. Well, of course you can come by! Great! I'll, I'll see you there!
Hi Niles, good to see you!
Thanks for calling first.
Ah...
Is she?
Oh well, it'd be my pleasure. Daphne, this is my brother Niles.
Niles, here's your picture...
DO YOU MIND?!
Well, we were on our way to Armani, when dad spotted this in the window of a discount clothing store.
Now don't start that again - we've been having this discussion since we were children.
Well it's not just the suit, it's, it's his taste in everything! Clothing, films, music...
Well, thank goodness we took after mum.
Well, maybe he was too busy working his tail off so that we could have the nicer things.
You know Niles, maybe it's time we tried to pay him back in some way. Expose him to some of the finer things, so that he'd stop lumbering through life like some great polyester dinosaur.
Well, we all are at some point in our lives. Remember when you used to think the 1812 Overture was a great piece of classical music?
Well, you and I have to broaden dad's horizons. Show him the world that he's only read about in TV Guide.
Perfect... but where?
Hah!
Oh, puh-leeze. Niles, you're forgetting the cache my name carries in this town.
Niles, you are so mean.
I'll just call information.
Oh. Thank you. Hello, this is Dr Frasier Crane. Yes, the one on the radio. Say... any chance of, er, getting a table for four on Saturday at er, say... eight, hmm? Merci, a bientôt ! We're in!
Dad, Niles and I and Maris would like you to join us for dinner on Saturday night at, Le Cigare Volante - it's one of the hottest new restaurants in town.
Oh dad, how do you know if you don't try it?
Yes, but, dad, it'll give us a chance to have an evening all together as a family. You know, Niles and I really want to do this for you.
We're gonna have the best time!
And won't that be nice?
So, how do the calls look today?
Oh, I love a Monday. So how was your weekend?
Roz, where do you meet these people?
Not yet.
Roz, are you ready?
Come on, we do this every Monday!
Come on!
Who's got the best talk show in Seattle?
Alright!
Well, I'll go out on a limb and take that as a compliment.
Where are you off to?
I wouldn't have pegged you as a card player.
Hi, Niles!
Where's Maris? Are you two taking separate elevators again?
Ah...
I'm sorry.
What's in the bag?
For... dad?
Sherry, Niles?
What are you doing?
She's psychic. We've decided to find it charming.
Niles, you've never had colitis a day in your life!
Ah, ah, dad, what's happened to your suit?
Er Niles, may I borrow your phone?
Thank you so much.
Yes hello, this is Dr Frasier Crane; I have a reservation tonight. I'm calling to enquire about your, minimum dress code. Crane. Frasier. Doctor! Well, what do you... we've had the reservation for over a week! They've lost our reservation.
Niles, they've already hung up.
Er, dad, I I think we'd better just er, take a rain check.
You know, on second thoughts I'm, I'm really in the mood for a good steak!
Well yes, you know, the point of the whole thing is not exactly where we have dinner, but that the three of us have an evening together as a family! Right?
Ooh, did you hear that, Niles?
Until somebody stated the obvious and said: “Hey, let's turn this place into a restaurant!”
You don't have a table for three... do you?
Yes.
Oh well, couldn't you make an exception in this case? His suit was at the cleaners-
My tie! She, she cut off my tie!
Well, why did she cut off my tie?!
Oh, boy. Well, I guess you're right, dad; it's just a tie...
Oh dear God, yes.
If you bring him two, if you bring him four - he'll send it back.
The same.
How much extra would I have to pay to get one from the refrigerator?
Could I see the other side of that one?
I know, dad, I saw the plaque by the cash register.
Wha-? We've barely touched our salads!
Oh no, no-no, that won't be necessary young lady, I'm as ready as I'll ever be...
Yes, thank you.
You're right. I'll apologize when she comes with the dessert. Which should be any time now.
I wish this was one of those times.
Well, I don't mean to complain, but...
They really look out for your health here, don't they?
Niles...
Is Maris organizing the... Arts Council benefit again, this year?
Where are they holding it?
You wouldn't be the only one!
Dad, wait!
Well, at least let us take you there!
Niles, say something!
“The Mud Pie's coming!” I feel terrible.
You know, the sad thing is, he's right about us.
You don't see anybody else driving their father out into the street to drink, do you?
Niles, we... we've gotta apologize to dad.
We'll give him a couple of hours to cool down over at Duke's, and then when he gets home, we'll, we'll settle this thing.
I'm afraid so. Well you know, the thing is, this-this is, this is good food! I mean, it's not too fancy but it's, it's, it's good, wholesome American fare!
Well, I'm game if you are!
Going to prove that we are not snobs.
Hmm?
Eat your meal!
Dad, he's doing it again! Must this dog stare at me all the time?
What is so fascinating about me? What is it? Do you imagine I am a large piece of kibble? Am I some sort of canine enigma? Think about it, get back to me.
Dad, I can't believe you're still trotting this old thing up. He's been trying to solve this case for twenty years.
There is - who the murderer was.
Hello, Niles.
Have you ever considered that maybe Maris is a bit high strung? Maybe she should see someone.
Maris.
Me, too.
OH, WILL YOU STOP STARING!
No, I missed it.
I still would have liked to have seen it anyway.
“I hate Frasier Crane.”
That's it. "I hate Frasier Crane." That's it?
Well, actually it doesn't, dad. I knew when I chose a career in the public eye that I'd be open to certain criticisms, it's the price I pay for my celebrity. Thank you, Niles, for bringing me the paper, and thank you for highlighting it in yellow! Now, who would like some wine?
Now why would he say that?
Not the salad, Derek Mann. I mean, why would he write a thing like that? I've never done anything to him, the attack is totally unwarranted. I'm a healer, for God's sake.
Dad, I have every right to feel upset about this - I will not enjoy my dinner until this is where it belongs - in the trash.
All right, Lorraine. Now, calm down and try and listen to what I'm going to say to you. Will you do that?
All right, good girl. Now your problem...
No, no. Go right ahead. Well, certainly a very interesting situation she's got herself into. Don't you think so, Roz?
All right, Lorraine. Now listen very carefully to what I'm going to tell you. Your problem seems...
For someone who's got so many problems she certainly is popular.
Hold it there, Lorraine. The reason why you want to take that other call is the same reason that you want to change your career and break up with your boyfriend. You're obsessed with what you think you're missing. The better offer, the call on the other line. Well, you've got to take one call at a time from now on. Fully explore and experience each one in its turn and you'll be a stronger person for it. Do you follow me, Lorraine?
Thank you for your call. Well, we've only got two minutes left, so I would like to end today's program on a personal note. As some of you may know, yesterday I was mentioned in Derek Mann's "Mann About Town" column. He said, and I quote, "I Hate Frasier Crane"... "I Hate Frasier Crane". What trenchant criticism. Move aside Voltaire, step back in the shadows H.L. Mencken, there's a new kid in town. One can only wonder how many hours Derek Mann sat in the glow of his computer screen before his trembling fingers sprang to life and pecked out this chef t'ouerve: "I Hate Frasier Crane." A lesser critic would have wasted our time by presenting a well thought-out, point by point, constructive critique of this show. No, not our Mr. Mann. So dear listeners, when Mr. Mann's column arrives on your front doorstep - read it, enjoy it, but above all, treasure it. For one day this man will be joining the Pantheon of the immortals. And if we're lucky... it'll be one day soon. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
I'm always here.
No.
You know, this is the second time in as many days that you have given me a paper. Have you ever considered getting yourself a route?
So I see. “Yesterday afternoon, Dr. Frasier Crane got on my case for not giving him a point by point criticism of his radio show. Well, he asked for it, so here goes.”
“It's hard to say what I hate most about Crane's show – his pompous, sanctimonious style, his constant self- congratulatory references to his own life, or his voice: a mock- sympathetic tone so sickly sweet one wonders if the man graduated from medical school or from some mind-controlling cult.”
I've read enough!
How can the man think something like that?
We don't want anything, thank you.
Oh, perhaps you're right. As angry as it makes me, to retaliate would be to stoop to his level. So the best response is no response at all.
“Pompous and sanctimonious,” am I?! Well, this Mann character can't even write grammatical sentences! Every five words there's one of his precious "dot, dot, dots." Must be because he likes writing all those dots with the crayon he writes this drivel in!
Well, he's just going to have to wait! I don't know who this Derek Mann thinks he is, but if he thinks he can hide behind his newspaper like some sniveling schoolchild cowering behind a tree, then I say let's expose this Derek Mann for what he is: not a man at all, but half a man! Now what line did you say Stewart was on?
Well, I'm leaving all sorts of bodies in my wake today. Let's see who's on line five. Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane - I'm listening.
And you are?
I see.
Are you implying that you want to fight me?
Fight, as in a fist fight?
We'll be right back after these messages.
And we're back. Well, we have a surprise caller on the line: Derek Mann.
Oh, you can't be serious.
No, I just don't think that civilized people behave that way. You know, Roz, perhaps our listeners have an opinion about that subject? Who do we have on the line?
I am not chicken!
We are mature thinking people, not cavemen!
Alright, if you want a fight so bad, I'll give you a fight! You just say the time and place!
I won't! Don't you back out either because I know where your office is too, and I know where you live, and I'll track you down! Now who else out there wants a piece of me?!
Hello, everyone.
What's going on?
Yes I did, didn't I?
Oh, I'm not actually going to go through with it, dad.
Well, I already won our little war of words. What would I stand to benefit by going through with actually going through with a fist fight?
Well, mature people are supposed to use their intellect to settle their differences.
Are you encouraging me to fight?
Yes, but I didn't even know what I was saying - I hadn't even had lunch yet.
What did you say?
I can't believe you're dragging that up - that was thirty years ago.
Oh, he was this kid in fifth grade that used to torment me!
Well, he started it by making fun of the elbow patches on my blazer!
I had a clarinet lesson!
Daphne, would you please excuse us for a moment!
Dad, I am sorry if I embarrassed you for not fighting Billy Kreizel thirty years ago. But the situation is not the same now.
I am an adult now, I've been to medical school, I hold a certain position in this city - I do not settle my differences with brawling.
Dad, I can't believe this. You won't be happy until I come home with a black eye.
Roz, why are you telling me this story?
Well, has it ever occurred to you that I might actually win this fight?
All that's missing is a mariachi band.
It's Billy Kreizel.
He's not here, Niles. It's just that I ran away from him when I was ten.
You know, I've been running ever since. You know, this is where it stops. I'm not running anymore.
Chalk it up to random violence!
Dad? What are you doing here?
Look dad, if you were worried that you talked me into something that I wasn't ready to do – well, you're wrong. You can relax. I took this on for myself.
Who told you that I was going through with it, anyway?
Thank you, Daphne. Any psychic predictions on the outcome?
He's gigantic!
Yes, yes I am.
Look, I prefer if you guys stay here. You'll only make me nervous.
Alright, I'll come along peacefully - let me just get my jacket.
Well thank you, officer, you'll have no more trouble from me.
Dad, dad, did you see me? My hands are trembling, my chest is pounding, my mouth is all dry, my knees are like jello... God, I feel great!
Yeah, I was out there. I was raring to go, you saw that...
Hello Doug, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I'm listening.
I'm sorry Doug, can we just go back a second? You said your mother literally hangs around the house. Well, I suppose it's a pet peeve of mine but I suppose what you mean is that she figuratively “hangs around” the house. To literally hang around the house you'd have to be a bat or spider monkey. Now, back to your problem?
Not at all.
I think what he means is, that is a thing with which he has a problem. Now it's time for a station break and we'll be right back after a word from our friends at "Pizza, Pizza, Pizza."
Actually, I do most of my shopping by phone. You know Roz, this conversation with Doug has got me thinking about my father. He doesn't do much of anything either. He just sits around most of the time watching TV and doing the occasional crossword puzzle. What does your mother do?
No, really!
I guess that helps fill her day.
I don't think public office is for Dad, but maybe I could find him a hobby or something. Any suggestions?
Well, maybe I could get him a wood burning set.
Is Dad still asleep?
I think I'm just about done with this thing.
Me, too. I was walking through the hobby shop and saw this thing and it was like, "Eureka!" I actually said "Eureka!" Ah, yes. There are a million stories in the naked city. Now if we could just find a naked one.
Daphne, really. I mean, if people were so concerned about their precious privacy they wouldn't leave their blinds open at that certain angle where you can see the mirror over the mantle that reflects down the hall to the water bed in the back room!
Dad.
Dad, I got a surprise for you.
Oh, no occasion, just thought you'd like it.
Dad, Dad, forget the falcons. You can see everything that’s going on in that apartment building over there.
Oh come on, it's perfectly innocent - just think of it as a hundred more channels to watch.
Ah, you see, there's a voyeur in all of us.
What shall we do?
I knew it, I knew it, every time we do something bad we get caught!
What are you doing?
Don't do that!
What for?
Dad, Dad you shouldn't encourage this person. I don't really want people looking in on our lives. I don't think I've even made my bed today.
Thank you.
It does not say that! It does say that. Hi!
Morning Dad, Daphne. Morning, Irene.
Pityriasis Rosea.
Why?
I really don't think your girlfriend needs to know about that.
Oh, come on. You two have been exchanging notes now for the past three days. If you were in the sixth grade you would be sitting in a tree "K-I-S-S-I-N-G." Here Daphne, let me borrow that pen.
I'm going to help along your little romance and possibly save a small forest. I'm giving her our telephone number.
Why?
For God's sake, Dad, you met peeping into her apartment.
You want to bet?
Okay.
Well, are you going to answer?
Dad, it's for you!
Hello. No, no, this is Frasier. Hi. I'm fine. Well, it gets a little flaky when the weather's dry.
Dad, she knows you're home - she's looking at you through the telescope.
Really? You really think he's interested in her?
That's so cute. Oh, it's funny, you know - the twists and turns of fate. If I had tried to set Dad up with a woman he would have rejected the idea out of hand - but I go out get him this telescope for a hobby and it kindles this romance. It's Kismet!
Well?
So it would be safe to assume that you two will be seeing each other?
No? Why?
What scamps you are!
His face must have turned redder than a "Piechoné Logeavie."
That must have put a damper on the evening.
Kudos indeed.
Irene. No, they've broken it off.
Well it was, but then they spoke once and Dad said that she wasn't his type. So, it's over - done! He's completely cut her out of his life. I just don't understand what would make him do that.
Remind me again what you do for a living? You see the thing is, it was just one phone call. How can anyone make a sound judgment about another person on the basis of one phone call?
Well anyway, I suppose it could be any number of reasons. Fear of rejection, shyness...
No, Niles, I've met Aunt Patrice. The woman is a loon.
Oh, I don't think so, Niles. I know Dad, don't meddle.
I'm not driving out to your house.
You left her in the car?!
Well, then she's fine.
Now calm down son, listen to daddy. It's just a bad dream. I promise you, Senator Thurmond is not in your closet. That's a good boy. Yes, okay you go back to bed now. I love you too. Listen, I'll see you next weekend. Okay, bye bye.
Oh, Frederick is fine. Oh, he sends his love. He said to thank you for the toy gun you gave him. At least what he can remember of it before Lilith smashed it to bits with a croquet mallet.
Oh, oh, she's holding a note. It says, "Martin, was it something I wrote?"
Oh alright Dad, no she isn't, but she might as well be, for god’s sakes. That's gotta be what she's thinking!
Yes, five years after I married her.
Niles - I was specifically not expecting you.
Well, of course. Aunt Patrice, yes. I don't recall really when we met but I believe there was a lot laughing and dancing.
Yes... well, of course, the laughter was to hide our tears. Let me take your wrap.
Niles, I distinctly told you not to bring her here.
Niles, that woman is certainly not Dad's type.
Oh come on, Niles. We can't leave Dad out there alone with her any longer.
What did she say?
Dad, do you still have your gun loaded?
Er, that won't be necessary, Daphne. We don't want to spoil our appetites for that dinner we're about to leave for in twenty minutes.
You know, I saw what you just did.
When Patrice went to hug you, you moved away.
No, Dad, no. You moved away from the window. You didn't want Irene to see you with another woman. You still care about her.
Dad, you do. There's something stopping you from having a relationship with this woman. Now, what is it?
No, I'm not!
So? Rose is a nice name. Rose was mother's middle name. Oh.
Oh Dad, you can't feel guilty about that. Gee, mom's been gone for six years now. Your feelings for Irene are totally severed from your feelings for Mom. You know, if she was here, if she could tell you, she'd want you to get on with your life.
Well, thanks Dad. You know, there's something I don't say often enough...
Right, Dad.
Dad, Dad, will you hurry up? She's going to be here any minute.
Well, the wardrobe’s a little different - but your ultimate goal is still the same! Dad, I'm glad you changed your mind about this.
My pleasure.
Now let's see, you got a hanky in there?
Terrific, alright. Have you got your keys?
You're not going to be out too late, are you?
Dad, I'm just busting your chops here.
You're listening to KACL 780 on your AM dial. This is Dr. Frasier Crane. All our lines are open, so please, give us a call. I'm just sitting here waiting. Hey, Seattle, c'mon, I know you're out there. Hey, look, I realise it's a sunny day but on all those rainy days, I was there for you. Well, alright then, if that's the way you want it, you leave me no recourse... "When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie-"
That seems to have gotten you going there, okay! Alright then, I knew you were out there. Okay, Roz, who do we have?
Sorry to hear that, Gar. I'm listening.
Ahh, Italia - the rolling hills of Toscana, the art Firenze, the passion that is Venizia...
Oh, listen, Gary. Let me stop you right there. I'm afraid I'm going to have to side with your wife on this one.
Gary, there is more to life than sump-pumps. Whatever happened to feeding our souls? Look, for example, I recently purchased a painting by one of this country's premier artists – oh, it's not important who. Well, it's Seattle's own Martha Paxton, but... Practical? No. But ever since acquiring that painting, I look at it every day and there's not a moment when I do that I'm not uplifted by its beauty. So Gary, go to Italy, bring back a suitcase full of memories. Will you do that?
Well then, yes, Gary, you... you should get the sump-pump! We'll be right back after this newsbreak.
Roz, just what is a "sump-pump?"
Yes indeed, I do own a Paxton.
My God, Roz, she's the preeminent Neofauvist of the twentieth century! How could you put her on hold?
Yes, hello, Miss Paxton. I'm so sorry to have kept you waiting. Well, thank you. I'm very flattered that you listen to my little show. Yes, well, yes, I meant every word. Yes, that's lovely, I'd like to meet you, too sometime. As a matter of fact, I'm having a few friends over for a little gathering this Friday night, for cocktails and such. Well, I suppose you're far too busy to... you would! Oh, that's marvelous. Alright, that's the Elliot Bay towers on the Counterbalance. Around seven is just fine. And, well, I'll see then then. Ciao!
That makes two of us!
That's a delightful story, Daphne, but I think the toast points need replenishing.
My God, Niles, why is no-one eating the Mussoline of Duck?
Oh, you mangy little cur!
Look, Niles, the dog is eating the food, the pianist is too intrusive, the Pinot Noir is far too stagey and it's five past seven and Martha isn't even here yet!
No, I'm just a bit on edge, I want everything to be so perfect. By the way, where's Maris? I haven't seen her all night.
My bed?
Niles, she's supposed to be looking after dad. That's the only reason you're here, remember?
That must be la Paxton - and fashionably late, of course.
Oh hi, Roz, it's you. And you look radiant.
Couldn't you have just done that in the elevator? Oh, my goodness, Roz, you've got a neck. Gee, so what do you think of the place? Is it everything you imagined it would be?
Would you like a drink?
Oh, well, he's the older gentleman over there talking to Bethany van Pelt, showing her the photographs. Oh my God!
Would you excuse us, please? Dad, will you stop showing these crime scene photos? You're embarrassing me.
Oh, she brought it up? Bethany van Pelt - the head of the Junior League - brought up the subject of a hooker whose body was hideously dismembered and scattered all over an abandoned warehouse.
Dad, dad, please!
Alright, if you give me your word, that's good enough for me.
You watch him!
Of course, who else could you be? Welcome to my salon. Everyone, everyone, your attention, please. I'd like you all to welcome our guest of honour, the renowned artist - Martha Paxton.
May I take your... poncho?
Oh, how delightfully eccentric! You must meet my brother, Niles. Oh, Niles?
"Live with my work" - I love that phrase. If you would, right this way, please. I think this is the perfect spot for an ideal viewing. Oh God, I've waited so long for this moment - I'm just going to stand back and let you describe your work - "Elegy in Green" – in your own words. The way you insinuate the palette but never lean on it, you capture the zeitgeist of our generation. It is the most perfect canvas it has ever my privilege to gaze upon. I mean, one can only imagine what inspired you to paint it.
Of course you didn't. You-you created it, you gave birth to it.
What?
Dad, do you mind? I've just suffered the most humiliating evening of my life. I've been been made a fool of by this, this, this... thing.
Well, enjoy it while you can because, first thing in the morning, this is going back to the dealer where I bought it. I'm demanding my money back - no-one is going to take advantage of Frasier Crane.
Well, Dad, I appreciate the gesture but, really, what do you know about the art world?
Are you the owner?
How do you do, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. I happen -
Guilty. Yes, but -
It would be my pleasure but, speaking of autographs, I have a small problem with this painting.
Well, actually I -
Well, I'd really rather not have any wine at this moment -
Well, that's rather nice, isn't it? Finishes well.
No, no, no, thank you. I'd... getting back to my problem - I recently gave a small but elegant soiree at which Martha Paxton was in attendance, you see. She told me that this painting was not her work.
I doubt you can, Mr. Hayson.
Yes, I'm sure she was but, you see, it's not a Paxton!
Martha Paxton says that it is not a Paxton.
As a Crenshaw melon, yes.
No, I don't want any wine. I want to discuss this painting.
No, I don't want any brie! I want my money back.
But, in this case, you're willing to make an exception.
Yes, but it's a forgery.
Alright, alright, I'm going to make this simple - I want my money.
Oh, I know what you're doing - you're "handling" me. You're agreeing with everything I say hoping I'll tire and go away.
I don't believe it! You're shining me on. You are shining me on! Where is the fairness of this, where is the justice?!
What? Did a crate of freshly-painted Rembrandts just arrive?! Damn it, you're not getting away with this! I am not leaving. I am not leaving! I am NOT leaving.
They wouldn't take it back. All I got was some attitude and a cheap glass of wine - Loire valley, my ass.
Well, they've forced my hand. I'm going to call the police.
Thanks, Dad. Try to mess with Dr. Frasier Crane, I'll teach them. Hello, yes. Oh, just a second. Dad, who do I ask for?
Hello, yes, the fine arts forgery department, please.
Dad, they're laughing at me.
What was that?
Yes, Dad, but what am I supposed to do? I've been cheated!
What were you two doing back there?
Yeeeess?
No one stampeded! They were all just good guests, they knew when to leave.
Oh, shut up, Niles!
Yes. Gee, I know, Niles. What is the name of that really vicious lawyer that you use?
Well, the meanest.
Right. Ah, just give me his number, will you?
God, I hate laywers!
Say, I know, I know. I can use my radio show - why didn't I think of this earlier? I can use my bully pulpit to expose that man for the fraud that he is!
Damn it, Niles, where is the justice? Where am I supposed to turn to? I'm a, a beloved household personality and I've been screwed!
Yeah well, that file's getting pretty thick!
So that's that, huh? Hayson just gets away with it. He's sitting there now with his brie and his wine and his little chuckle at my expense. Gosh, you know, I finally understand why people take matters into their own hands. It would be so satisfying right now to just... slash his tires, or... throw a brick though his window or something. Just so he'd learn that you don't do this to people and get away with it.
Good evening. Lovely night, isn't it? Yes, well, goodnight.
Niles, what the hell are you doing here?
I will not! Niles, look, I know this is wrong but I don't care! It's the only thing left for me!
Why don't you just go away? This is no concern of yours.
How?
Niles, why are you telling me this?
I said that?
And let him get away with this?!
Well, Niles, if you were strong enough to show restraint after so much humiliation, not to mention the nicknames.
Oh, you didn't know that? Oh dear God, yes. Uh, "Peachfuzz," "Jingle Bells" - I can't remember the rest.
Yes, I believe Coach Medwick made that one up himself. Well, anyway, here you are. I won't be needing this anymore.
My God, Niles! What are you, what have you done?!
Niles, what are you doing now?
Come on, come on! GO, GO, GO, GO!
It's 4:25 and this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Roz, who's our next caller?
Hello Hank. I'm listening.
Yes, you are on the air.
Hank, listen. Turn down your radio and just talk into your phone.
Listen, Hank please, you won't be able to hear yourself, we're on a seven-second delay.
Oh, for crying out loud. Thank you, Hank. People, would you please turn off your damn radios. No, I mean just those of you who are calling in! Roz, who's our next caller?
Hello Marco. I'm listening.
Close enough. What is your problem, Marco?
What's holding you back?
"Somebody better comes along.” Somebody better comes along?! Marco, Marco, Marco, do you hear yourself?
Well listen, I suggest you give your motives a thorough examination, and if you can't commit, it's best for both of you to break it off. Thank you for your call. Tell me listeners, what is it with guys like that? Hey Roz, you've been around the block a few times. You ever run into a guy like Marco?
Come on. I mean, if that were so, then no-one would be having a relationship.
What do you think, Seattle? Are there any non-Marcos out there? Or is Roz here destined to live a life of hopeless, loveless spinsterhood? Back after this.
Excuse me, excuse me. Exactly how long have I been asleep?
What picture?
Oh, oh right.
I am not putting this on my head. For God's sake, I mean, I'm a respected professional.
Oh, I think the ship has already sailed on that one.
You can't tell me what to do.
No, look, the days are past when you can just sit me on top of some stupid old Packard and make me wear matching sweaters with my little brother.
It's October 21st!
Well, I can always pray there's a postal strike.
Well, that's just about it for today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying go on out there and make it a great evening, Seattle.
Oh, God. Save me from my adoring fans.
Ooh... ooh, but not from the adorable ones.
Niles, please don't try to be hip. You remind me of Bob Hope when he dresses up as the Fonz.
Her name is Catherine.
Three days.
No. As if it's any of your business.
Well, yes. Soon.
Of course we are.
Yes!
Well, I mean, it was one of those funny things, she came down to the radio station to chew me out.
No. A few days earlier her boyfriend had called into the show, and I advised him to break up with her.
Marco is not a patient, he's a caller. There's a huge difference. Besides, I talked to him days before I met Catherine.
Oh, rationalization, is that what you're going pull now?
Oh Niles, I am not rationalizing! There is nothing wrong here.
Well frankly, I don't care about your conscience. I don't need your approval, I don't need you to like it. Frankly, I don't need you for anything. By the way, Niles, my car's in the shop, I need you to give me a ride home tonight.
Marco?
I'm not talking to him. I don't want to talk to him. There's no way I'm talking to him.
Hi, we're back. Roz, whom do we have on the line?
Who's this on line three?
Thank you, Roz. Hello, Marco.
Well, what can I say but, ah... Bravo, Marco! Roz, who's our next caller?
What makes you think she's seeing someone else?
Did you, ah... get a good look at the guy?
No! What I mean is, ah... no. Marco, you don't want your ex- girlfriend back, you just don't want anybody else to have her. Isn't that true?
No, it's called jealousy, Marco. Now you've got to stop spying on your ex-girlfriend and get on with your life. Borrow a page from my book - ah, move to a new city, a new state. Find out why everybody's talking about Pittsburgh!
We'll be right back after these messages.
What?!
Thanks for coming to get me, Niles.
I see.
Well, that's an interesting question, Niles. And I'll tell you something. I don't care. I'm in love, and I don't care. Catherine is mine now. I'm in, and Marco's out.
Perhaps. But you just ran a stop sign. Now we're in the middle of the intersection. I'll tell you, Niles, I, ah... I haven't Felt this way in ages. There's an excitement about this. I, I feel tingly.
My stomach?
Well, at least when it came to ethics I didn't get spontaneous nosebleeds.
Ah, but you see, Niles, you've proved my point. I'm not the least bit queasy, I'm fine. My head, my heart, my gastrointestinal system, they're all shouting the same thing - It's okay! Niles? Niles, this is a new car?
How I envy you, Eddie. The biggest questions you face are “who's going to walk me?” “Who's going to feed me?” I won't know that kind of joy for another forty years.
Danielle, you're going to have to slow down a little bit, I'm having a hard time understanding you.
Excuse me, with your what?
Your mithyuer?
Is that your mother?
Your masseur? Your Mercedes?
Well Danielle, I, I, um... the best advice I can give you is to umm... either confront your mithyuer, or um, work on your self-esteem. Thank you for your call. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying go out and have a good night, Seattle. You deserve it.
Roz! Aren't you screening these calls?
You look nice.
Oh, great... Why are you only wearing one heel? Did you break it off?
Okay, so who is this guy? Another one of those trendy young kids who's got three earrings and a ponytail, wearing a T-shirt under his sports coat?
Roz! Where do you meet these people?
You met him on a bus, didn't you?
Hi, Niles. You remember Roz?
Madame, your chariot awaits. Well, we better get going, Niles.
Oh. Well, I can't say I'm really disappointed. I wasn't relishing the idea of three hours on “Right brain, Left brain synergy.”
Well, it's no use crying over spilt milk. Now... we've got a free evening. This sound like the perfect opportunity for a couple of guys on the loose to, ah... hit a sports bar, have a couple of brewskis, maybe take in a game or two.
Dinner?
Oh, it's your turn to pay, isn't it?
Thank you.
No, it's fine, Niles.
Oh Niles, Niles. Sit down. Lavender soap - for God's sake, you're a man, you'd look ridiculous.
Fuzzy Navel, blended nice and frothy, please. And a... martini, Niles?
Just sit down.
God, you're right. Gee, that's strange, he said he was going over to Duke's to have a beer with a couple of the boys.
The sly boots. He had a date, and he didn't want us to know.
What are they doing?
Why, what are they doing now?
You know, I wonder if it's their first date?
Why, what are they doing?
Oh, yeah. That's a Crane first date all right.
She did look familiar.
Marion Lawler? My God, I haven't heard that name since I was a kid.
They did, they did. It was that last summer we shared a cabin with them at the lake.
And doing his usual bang-up job.
No, Niles. If we leave now, he's sure to spot us. You know, Niles, maybe you should have that martini after all.
Not anymore, they just towed your car.
Well, Eddie. Glad to see my rules about the couch are finally taking hold.
Good dog. Dad? Daphne?
Hello, Daphne. Say, where's Dad?
Oh, great. He's finally getting to know some of the neighbors.
What are you staring at?
No, I don't think it would suit me.
You've never seen me with one.
And it looked good?
I assume you're here for a reason?
I don't recall that.
Well, I had to, what with you underneath the covers with a flashlight looking at the National Geographic.
That's what makes it so scary. Now what was your point?
“Though summer at the lake seems but a vapid, vacuous experience, it is a necessary tonic for my troubled youth...” Niles, how old were you when you wrote this?
Well...
Amongst other things.
Oh, come on, Niles. Look, I appreciate your attempt to spice up our family history, but really - look, we're not a Jackie Collins novel, it's ridiculous.
Yeah, that was our dad.
Look, we don't know for sure if that was Mrs. Lawler. And besides, even then it wouldn't prove that Dad had an affair with her.
Oh, Niles has this theory that Dad had an illicit affair when we were youngsters.
Well, that's what I think. Besides Niles, there's not enough proof.
Oh, anything is possible.
Right. “Good evening, father. By the way, did you boff one of the neighbors while we were roasting marshmallows?”
Oh, no.
No, Niles, we are not calling Aunt Vivian.
Yes. That she knows where I live and that she still drives.
You were with me!
No, no Dad, we were just having dinner together - at the same time when you were supposed to be having some drinks with your buddies at Duke's.
No, no. But Niles dug out his journal and then he remembered this time when he saw you and her hugging, and it was right around the same time when you and Mom seemed to be fighting a lot.
Oh, thank you.
How am I doing? How are you doing, Niles? Doesn't it bother you that your father cheated on my mother?
The point is, that it must have caused Mom a great deal of pain.
I know that rationally I should be able to handle this. I deal with people who exemplify human frailty every day.
But in this case it's not people, is it? One of our parents had an illicit affair. How could he cheat with Marion, knowing the effect it would have on Mom, not to mention the repercussions it would have on you and me later on... Why don't you just pull up a chair and join us?
I just can't believe that it's our father. You know, I never had a great relationship with him. But if there was one thing I always respected about him, it was his integrity. Just thinking about what they did, it just sickens me.
Thank you Niles, but I think I just need a night to myself.
Well, I see all sorts of things have been going on behind my back!
Yes.
Yes, I remember you.
Ah, no. but if you come back later you can have the place to yourselves.
Oh, I think you've already done that.
Would you come in for a moment, please? After you met with Dad the other night, ah, he and I had a little conversation. That was the first time I learned what happened that summer.
Well... I guess I'm not the sort of person who can hear news like that and just sweep it under the rug and forget about it.
Forgave them?
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know.
Yes, well I rarely get to the shore anymore.
Goodbye.
Hi, Dad. You look kinda tired.
Ah, listen Dad, do you have to watch the TV right now?
Well, you know, if either of us could work the VCR, we'd tape it. But, ah, just for now there's something I'd like to talk to you about.
Dad. Why didn't you tell me the truth?
Marion Lawler came by today. She wanted to apologize for the other night. While she was here, she... she told me what really happened.
Why didn't you tell me it was Mom?
Look dad, I don't blame you for being defensive, but I had a right to know. For your information, this sort of thing happens to a lot of people. If it’s any consolation, I know exactly how you feel. I never told you this but, um... Lilith did the same thing to me.
The most painful and humiliating experience of my entire life. Well, I'm sure you felt the same way.
I found her attractive. I mean, is it so inconceivable that another man might find her attractive as well?
Oh, God. A Frenchman who lived in a self-contained underground eco-pod.
I'm sorry, dad.
So did I.
Well dad, I appreciate what you did, but ah, I still think you should have told me.
Oh, no. Just one second. There's one thing I gotta clear up. There's this photo album here, there's all these pictures with the same woman that's been cut out of them, you see this?
Oh. Oh, that was mom?
You know dad, ever since you moved in we've been trying to find something that we have in common. I think we've finally found it.
So do I.
Roger, at Cornell University they have an incredible piece of scientific equipment known as the tunneling electron microscope. Now, this microscope is so powerful that by firing electrons you can actually see images of the atom, the infinitesimally minute building blocks of our universe. Roger, if I were using that microscope right now... I still wouldn't be able to locate my interest in your problem. Thank you for your call.
And now, “Hungry for Chinese tonight? I always”... Uh, I'm sorry, I just - we're experiencing technical difficulties. Let's go to a pre-recorded commercial message.
Roz, why did you hand me this copy? I don't do personal endorsements.
The other personalities aren't doctors. If I allow myself to become a common pitchman, I lose all my credibility. I am a wise man, a shaman.
Look who's here, Roz. Noel Coward.
The money is irrelevant. It's a question of integrity.
What is this with my name on it here, Roz?
Wow.
They pay you that much money just to read some copy?
Damn it! I just put a dent in my front bumper when I pulled into my parking space. Does anybody know what happened to that tennis ball I hung over my space so I wouldn't pull up too far?
Dad, Daphne, a situation has arisen over at work and uh, I'm not sure how it should be handled. I was hoping maybe your objective viewpoint could uh, be helpful.
Well, what would you think if I did a commercial and publicly endorsed a product?
Thank you Daphne, one against. Dad?
Well, the station wanted me to do a commercial for a Chinese restaurant.
Well, I hold a position of trust in this community, and people do what I tell them to, and I would hate to be accused abusing that position. The thought of a doctor selling things is kind of distasteful, don't you think?
Dr. Sneezy is a cartoon character. The fact that he's a giant purple hippopotamus should have probably tipped you off.
Well, you know, I'm tempted, if for no other reason than to keep Bulldog from further alienating the Asian-American community. I just want to make sure I don't compromise my principles.
Well, yes.
I suppose that's the logical approach. Why don't the three of us go tonight? I'll make a call. Oh, I'd better make the reservations under a different name, I don't want any special treatment, you know. I want them - I just want to be treated like an average working Joe. Good evening... Yes... yes, we'd like a reservation for three this evening at eight. Oh, nothing 'til ten? Oh, well then, ah, this is Dr. Frasier Crane... from the radio, and ah... Yes, I thought you might. Thank you. We're in at 9:45.
Did I say tasty? Tasty doesn't do justice to those succulent pot-stickers. And the kung pao chicken - ooh, don't get me started. “So if you've got a yen for Chinese tonight, hurry on down to the Hunan Palace.” Well, that's it for today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane hoping we'll see you tomorrow, on KACL 780 AM.
You know Roz, I think I'm getting the knack for doing these promos. Did you hear that little ad-lib I did about the “yen” for Chinese food?
Well... Did I tell you, I got a call from the owners of the Hunan Palace the other day, they said that since I started doing these commercials their business had gone up by 30 percent.
Yes it is, Miss Sour-Britches, give me a little credit. My God, I've pleased the boys upstairs, I've gotten perfect strangers to try a new restaurant, and most importantly, I've helped a struggling immigrant family who came to these shores a mere twelve years ago, with nothing more than a dream, a few recipes, and a wok.
Excuse me?
Ah. Ah, well. Pleasure meeting you.
Well, I really don't think so.
It's not that I'm not flattered, Miss Glaser, but umm... you see, I'm not really a radio personality per se.
Thank you. Uh... but I, you see, I dine at the Hunan Palace frequently, and uh, that's the only reason I did those commercials.
Well, I don't mean to offend...
Well, I really don't think that's necessary.
Well yes, I have a five year-old son.
Worry about what?
Well no, no. I plan to send him to my alma mater, Harvard.
Well, you know, maybe we should talk, sometime.
You see, it's not that I object to doing commercials, it's just that I would have to try a product first before I could endorse it.
Because if I do the commercial I have to say that my friends and family enjoy this, and I won't say it unless it's true.
Well I apologize for that, but it's the best place to try one. So, tell me the truth. Aren't you two enjoying this?
Dad, did you know that this unit is made from the same heat resistant space-age polymer that's used on the NASA space shuttles?
Well? Do you like it?
That's all I needed to hear. My friends like it, my family likes it - I like it. I can do the commercial and Frederick can go to Harvard. Oh my god! Isn't that Dave Hendler from our building? You know, he's the head of the Seattle Psychiatric Association.
Well? What do you think?
Dad? How about you?
Really?
You really, really like it?
Well, what was wrong with it?
You hated it, didn't you?
Bebe.
Oh... hello.
Oh, no no no no no. Bebe, this is Daphne Moon, my father's physical therapist. Well, I believe I was about to kiss you for something.
Ooh...
How do you know that?
Daphne, Daphne, just get back here. You what?
The woman is like an artichoke. You just peel away one astounding leaf after another. Well anyway, back to business. What have you got for me?
Oh, dear. Oh, I can't endorse these.
Well, for one thing I don't like them, and they're sixty percent fat, they're laced with salt and they wreak havoc with my diverticulitis.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't.
Five figures?
Television?
Well I-I... I don't mean to be difficult, I do have my standards, you know? I only endorse things that I like or... or I think are therapeutic, like the hot-tub.
Well...
I've never been one hundred percent happy with my nose.
“Two nuts are arguing with each other.” That's cute. “‘I'm a nut.’ ‘No, I'm a nut!’” Ha, that's funny. Ah... “‘Hold it, you're both nuts. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, noted psychiatrist, and I know a nut when I see one.’” Hmm, I just, I don't know abut that line.
Yes, but it... it may be a scream, but it, it's... what's the word I'm looking for?
Bebe, I don't want to get a reputation for being difficult, but I... I'm just not comfortable with this line.
Six days.
So what you're saying is that I would be doing psychiatry a service by doing this commercial?
Oh, dear. What does this mean? “Frasier comes out of his shell.”
I have so much to learn about this business.
Oh Niles, Niles, thanks for meeting me, I have to talk to you about something.
Well, they didn't tell me I could take it off, so I kept it on.
And the reason you have “SHRINK” on your license plate would be...? Niles, listen. I've got to do this commercial in half an hour and... I just don't think I can go through with it, I'm afraid that I'm compromising my integrity as a psychiatrist.
Well, for one thing my co-stars are dressed up as an almond and a walnut. Now listen Niles, I've... I need your guidance.
You don't think this is the selling out of Frasier Crane?
Oh, Niles. You are such a purist. Granted, I can't do the kind of in-depth analysis one can with a single patient, but my show helps literally thousands of people a day.
Well, that has nothing to do with this!
Niles, will you just tell me, would you do it?
Not a nude scene! Would you do this commercial?
So what you're saying is that I shouldn't do it.
I can't get it off my mind. Did I do the right thing?
Here, watch it with me one more time.
I suppose you're right, dad. Freddie will thank me. Dr. Joyce is his favorite psychologist.
No, no. Charlie Weaver was always on the bottom.
Wally Cox. Uh, upper left, next to Rosemarie Dubarr.
Hello Steven, I'm listening.
Ah! Stop right there, Steven. It's okay. All relationships require that kind of close and undivided attention. Isn't that so, Roz?
Trust me, after the baby comes that won't be an issue anymore. This is Dr. Frasier Crane on KACL. We'll be back after these messages.
Roz! How can you be reading now?
Just what is it that's so captivating?
Oh God, not you too! Why is that every woman I see is carrying that book around?
"There are tangos that come flowing from the wine seas, from the rust of a hundred sunken ships. This is one of those dances."
There are books that make your stomach lurch and thrust your lunch ever upwards. This is one of those books!
Oh...
Oh my God, it's him!
Yes. Yes, he used to drop into a neighborhood bar I frequented back in Boston. He's a bit pretentious, though; he stuck out like a sore thumb.
Well, actually I spent a lot of my time helping him get through his writer's block. In future I'll remember to use my powers for good and not for evil.
Oh, no, no, no, no, I can't see him. I'll have to tell him how much I liked his book. You know how hard it is to lie to someone's face.
Well, then perhaps you're right.
I can't believe this! I simply can't believe this!
This, this book! It's written by a man I knew. He's taken an incident from my own life, something I shared with him in confidence one night; he's turned it into this trash!
Yes, he is. But did Thomas Jay Fallow have the grace to thank me? No! My name isn't even listed in his acknowledgements.
That is not important.
Thank you, Daphne.
Changing a flat tire!
Very funny, dad. I’ll have you know that wasn't my first time.
That is not important!
Thank you again, Daphne!
Well, not all of it's true. He did take some literary license.
Well, that part he got right!
Now look! This was not some tired older woman lusting after young flesh. Clarice and I cared for each other. She showed me a world I'd never known, and... wouldn't know again for six and a half years.
I can't believe a man who drank so heavily remembered so much!
Yes, well he's going to get a little reminder today!
Not until I have exacted my pound of flesh.
Here, let me sign it for you.
Roz, Roz, you haven't told anyone about this, have you? They'll have a field day with me.
Bulldog, Bulldog. Listen, it is imperative that this is not commonly known.
Hi, Gil.
Quiet, quiet, it's his last chance.
By God?! Do you believe this guy's grandiosity? I'm God and he knows it!
Thomas Jay Fallow!
Well, I see my name hasn't entirely escaped your sieve-like memory.
Well, it didn't make it into your list of acknowledgements, you, you... egomaniacal thief!
I didn't have to read it! I lived it! Not that anybody would know that from reading your three pages of acknowledgements, in which you mention everyone from your kindergarten teacher to the man who designed the typeface. But no mention of me? No, I'm only the man who gave you the story which you have ruthlessly merchandised into this million-dollar treacle machine! I'm finished now.
Yes, I had a little chat with him this afternoon.
I made him cry.
Well, actually dad the entire incident has left me strangely unsatisfied. I don't know, I still feel sort of empty. It's been churning around in my mind all day.
What for?
I'd just been accepted to Harvard. What else was I gonna do?
Well, she was sleeping so peacefully. She had an early lesson! I left a rose on her pillow.
”A-ha,” what?
Well, why else would you say “a-ha”?
I was only seventeen years old, I'm sure she understood.
Yes well, thank you and goodbye!
Very funny, dad!
"He had been a teenage Balboa, an explorer of the rising pinnacles and gently curving slopes of my body. Then in one explosive burst of discovery he had staked claim to the Pacific ocean that was my soul. But now he was leaving, going, vanishing like a solitary boat on a lonely horizon. Departing like a train, rolling ceaselessly through the night. Exiting swiftly like..."
"And so he was gone."
"And now in the cool of the evening I play my piano. And his last words resonate through the notes: ‘I'll come back to you, my cherished one.’ But he never did and all that remains of him are the withered petals of the rose he left upon my pillow.”
Clarice? Time, the sole thief of youth.
Miss Warner?
I'm Frasier Crane.
Yes, I would.
Well... we were friends. More than friends, actually. You really don't remember?
You must have some recollection. A fair-haired boy outside your door, at the piano... on the piano...
Well, listen, before the memories come flooding back to you. I should tell you that we had a romance that didn't have the happiest of endings.
That's why I’m here. You see, our last evening together we “walked through a summer storm and I kissed the raindrops on your nose and promised we'd always be together.” And I broke that promise. You helped a shy adolescent take his first uncertain steps towards becoming a man and how did I repay that kindness? By running off and leaving you with nothing but your memories.
Well, can you ever forgive me?
Thank you, thank you.
It's such a relief to get that off my chest.
Clarice?
Obviously making an enormous mistake.
Twenty-five.
Look at you, you look incredible.
That's not what I mean, you look stunning.
Thank you.
Yes and I'd like to apologise right off. Er, I told that story to Mr. Fallow in confidence. It was never meant to be in print.
Divorced. You?
I came here to apologise about more than just the book. I never felt quite right about the way I left things. I abandoned you, it was selfish and cowardly.
Oh, the piano! Yes! Gee, I was a little nervous about coming here but now it feels like old times. Sit at middle C.
Maybe I should get going. Clarice, at the risk of sounding a little forward - would you like to have a cup of coffee with me?
If you're worried about the age difference, don't worry. That's no longer an issue.
Are you and he...
Where have you been?! We're on in two minutes!
Oh yes, Maris's face-lift!
Well, she doesn't, actually. There’s nothing wrong with Maris that wouldn't be cured by a little sun, some exercise and a personality.
What are those?
Why are you running down to the Xerox room for extra copies of my schedule? It wouldn't have anything to do with that new intern, would it? What's his name?
Roz, he's probably all of nineteen.
Well, coo-coo-ka-choo, Mrs. Robinson.
No, I've been eating out lately! You're not seriously thinking of dating him, are you?
I don't make the rules, Roz, I just enjoy them.
Hello, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780. We're with you for the next three hours so let's get straight to it. Roz, who's our first caller?
Hello, Linda, I'm listening.
Yes, well, Linda, this is a common source of friction among couples. Some men feel the need to be in control, they see asking for help as a sign of weakness.
Well, this isn't normally the kind of advice I give, but let me see, I've lived in Seattle most of my life. Cherke and 14th, you would want to...
Oh, no thanks, Roz, I don't need any help!
Oh, dear God, what is it? A rat?
I thought you'd be at the hospital with Maris.
Oh, it's not vanity, Dad, it's insecurity. It's easy to understand how women can fall victim to our culture's worship at the altar of youth and beauty.
You know, what time is the surgery tomorrow?
Maybe that was Mr. Patterson!
You know, guess whose room I passed by on my way down the hall? Artie Walsh.
Yes, apparently he was in for some tests last week and the results weren't very good.
Yeah.
I'm sure he remembers you too, asking for a salad niçoise!
Oh, I doubt it.
Probably not. They haven't spoken in years.
No, he's just as tight-lipped as Dad is. Although, with a little arm twisting, I did get him to admit it was all Dad's fault!
So many of the great ones are!
Because he was your best friend for twenty years and now he's sick?
Dad, we are talking about a few minutes out of your life! Just long enough to sit there and have a little chat with a very sick man. I don't see why that's so impossible for you. Now, come on! Believe me, you'll be glad you did.
Artie thought as much.
He said you wouldn't have the guts to go see him.
Yeah, then he snickered a little!
Artie, it's me again.
When he knew you were in here, he insisted on rushing right over, didn't you, Dad?
Good. Small steps.
Dad!
Next time we'll stay longer.
Yes, the Little Sisters of Mercy have always had that reputation!
About what?
Oh, come on.
Oh, yes. Must have been on the take.
Or all three!
Dear God! You always think that's the kind of thing that happens to other people's fathers, not your own!
And you felt compelled to share that with him?
Why?
I think we better say a little prayer for the night nurse!
I don't know what else to do, he's just so damn stubborn.
Hello? Yes, it is. Oh, I see. Yes, well, I guess it isn't really a shock, considering. Yes, I'm sure they did everything they could. Thank you.
We'll talk about it later, Dad.
Why do you ask?
You thought that call was about Artie, didn't you?
Yes, you did!
Well, it just proves my point - you still care about him!
Well, it's up to you. But if you like, I could drive you down to the hospital.
No, you can't.
That was your mechanic, your transmission's dead.
Artie?
Oh, now look. You guys got off on the wrong foot...
Oh, fine, Dad. Anything I can say right now would just be irrelevant. One thing you learn as a therapist is once things are working well between people, anything else you can say would just be...
Oh, I finally got Dad and Artie Walsh talking again. Of course I did have to resort to cheap, manipulative pseudo- psychology.
Well, what about you? It looks like you've bought out the entire gift shop. Maris should be pleased.
Oh, thank you, I'll go round up dad.
Hey, dad? It's time to go.
Well, all I was doing was...
See you soon.
Well, I think we have time for one last call, who's up next, Roz?
Hello, Elliot. I'm listening.
Ah, a salesman? How old are you?
Forty-three?
Now tell. Let's be truthful.
Elliot, we were not born yesterday. Clearly you are just an adolescent, trying to prove to your little friends how clever you are by getting on the radio. But you know what you are really doing, you're taking time away from people with real problems.
Oh, I'm so sorry, Elliot, that was very insensitive of me.
Yes, indeed you did "get us," Elliot, but we are not so stuffy here on this program that we can't laugh at ourselves from time to time. Roz, can't you keep these pimply- faced little maggots off the air?! Well, that's our show for today. This is Dr. Crane signing off and wishing you good mental health.
Have a good weekend, Roz.
No, that outfit does not make you look fat.
Well, as a rule, when a woman prefaces a question with "I want an honest answer," that's usually the question.
Good. I'm sorry, you were right. Your question, please.
Roz, have you completely lost your mind?
Roz, there could be hundreds of reasons why he hasn't asked you out.
No, no, maybe he's married, maybe he's in a relationship, maybe he's gay. Or maybe, just maybe, he's there to watch a football game and not cruise for chicks.
Of course you are. See you Monday.
You are not getting the rest of my scone, so just forget it... Mmm. Really good, too. Yum, yum yum yum... Listen, I don't care, you can sit there 'til you're blue in the face... As far as I'm concerned, you don't even exist, you're not even here... Oh, all right, here! Get fat!
I am not.
Maybe he doesn't like what you're eating.
I'm glad somebody is.
All right, Dad. I'll call a plumber.
Dad, I am a doctor. I have more important things to do with my life than to fix a toilet.
Fabulous!
Dad, you will not do it yourself.
Oh well, that's where you're wrong. Let me show you something, mister. Here...
See this? Every possible tool for every possible need. Got this from Hammacher-Schlemmer.
Yes, it also comes in ebony and onyx.
Oh, I don't think so. I love onyx, onyx is a stone that resonates within me...
Yes... You know Niles, I'd actually like to fix that toilet, just to prove Dad wrong.
Yes, but we-we've conquered the intellectual world, but in the world of nuts and bolts we're at the mercy of tradesmen.
Yes! We could borrow some tools and fix it ourselves. It would be good practical experience, and it would shut Dad up.
Exactly.
Niles, what are you doing?
Give me that! Hello, Maris? Maris, Niles is busy now... No, never mind what I'm wearing. May we continue, please?
Done.
Yes, very well, lock-nut. You see Niles, until today, you didn't even know what a locknut was.
You know Niles, working with our hands like this, I'm reminded of that glorious tradition of the Amish barn raising. All the men of the village coming together, the mind, the muscle, all toward that simple, yet extraordinary goal. All right... we are ready to flush.
It's working! Oh my God, it's working. Look, it's draining out of the tank, into the bowl...
It's glorious.
One would think so, yes.
Ohh! Look it up. What does it say to do now?
We've had a tough day. We've tangled with a little pipe and porcelain. Now it's Montrachet time.
Yes, we tampered with the natural order of things.
To the circle of life.
That must be the plumber.
Dad, we tried, okay?
Well Daphne, we're not plumbers, we're psychiatrists.
What?
Niles, have you been self-medicating again?
"Kreizel the Weasel?" How can you be sure, it's been twenty- five years.
He certainly didn't recognize you just now.
Niles, you don't have to remind me of the Kreizel reign terror. I'm quite convinced I can trace my fear of confined spaces back to the time when his older brother Billy shoved me into a locker, wearing a girl's field hockey uniform!
Thank you.
NILES! Niles, get a hold of yourself! Stop it! Stop, stop. It's all right. You're no longer an awkward teenager, you're a renowned psychiatrist. Danny Kreizel may have won a battle or two back in junior high, but that's where he peaked. You won the war. You know the expression, "Living well is the best revenge"?
All right, Niles.
Oh, all right!
STOP! Niles, leave the man alone while he's trying to work!
He's a little frustrated because I wouldn't let him do something. He's taking his anger out on my ficus.
Niles, you've had a chance to cool off. Are you ready to talk about this now?
Niles, I have to be honest. I'm a little disappointed in you. Were you actually going to stick another human being's head into a toilet?
Niles, you see, there is a beast in all of us. Part becoming a rational adult is learning to control it. That's what separates us from the Kreizels of this world.
Don't you see? You have an opportunity with Danny that I never had with Billy. To confront him as a rational adult and achieve some closure.
Yes, there is, Niles. There has to be.
No, you won't. You're not a child anymore. Now come with me, I'm taking you to the bathroom!
Billy?
You think so, Billy?
Really?
Oh, I was involved...
Billy, I would like to take you back in time...
A jet pack.
I WAS there!
Run, Niles, run! The beast is loose!
I don't know, Dad. It's all really sort of a blur. I guess I just lost control.
No... it felt damn good.
He didn't have the nerve to do a thing.
I've never written a check so quickly in my life.
Thanks, Dad. Can I buy you a beer?
Well, it could mean he has a fear of commitment... or it could mean he's just been lucky!
Marie, that was a joke.
Alright, alright, Marie, um... I would say give him a shot, but uh... I'd keep that caution bulb lit. Thank you for your call, Marie. Who's next, Roz?
The preceding was an unbiased opinion from my never-been- married producer, Roz, who, incidentally, has squeezed more fruit than Tropicana. May we take another call, please?
Oh. Oh well then, we'll be right back after this.
Roz, didn't we just take a break?
Oh. Fine, just hurry.
Oh, just go!
My God! Are you alright?
Here, Roz. Does this hurt?
Alright, there's no nerve damage at least.
Yeah, come on.
No, that's alright, Roz, I'll get someone to fill in for me.
Oh, God!
It's Frasier.
Hi, Roz. How were things at the emergency room?
It was OK. Weird Bruce from Engineering took over for you. That's quite a boot collection. Wouldn't it be easier just to put notches in your bed post?
No, no. Matter of fact, I admire your courage.
Oh, yes. Freud said that there are only two things we need to make us happy: work, and love.
Well, I thought answering some of the fan mail that had been piling up would give you something to do. And remember, this time death threats don't get photos.
Roz, you just said, “Who is it?”
Hey, Dog.
Nothing says I'm sorry like fatty meats.
To think he does it all without steroids.
None for me, Bulldog. I'm off to the opera.
Roz, with a sprained ankle?
Roz, I'd like to stay, but I'm meeting people at the opera. I've got the tickets!
Well, curtain’s going up. Listen, Roz, if you need anything, feel free to call me absolutely anytime. Well, except for the next three hours, of course. I'm at the opera. Oh, no, no, no... four hours, it's Wagner. Um... oh, then I've got a late supper, then right to bed, I've got an early squash game... tell you what, let's just say call me absolutely anytime after four tomorrow afternoon.
Evening, all!
Oh Roz, Roz! Did you hear the show today? I was at the top of my form! I did a brilliant job of cutting a narcissist down to size!
Oh, thank you, Niles. So...
Ooh, Dad! New shoes? Do I hear cathedral bells?
Oh, Roz, I also wanted to apologize for leaving you last night. I hope you didn't spend the whole evening fending off Bulldog's advances.
Ohhh?
Well, I couldn't help noticing he came in to work this morning wearing the same clothes he had on yesterday.
Well, I mean - dropping by, bringing a little gift? It was obvious he was after something!
Oh, well! I wonder why he said that!
Yes well, I think that goes without saying.
Oh Roz, Bulldog knows the blunt approach won't work with you, so he's being more subtle. But his ultimate goal remains to... well, to...
Roz, don't you think you're being just a tad naive?
Roz, I can see how he’s manipulating you! I’m an expert in human behavior!
Well, I'm surprised you had time to listen, what with being so busy with your ultra-demanding producer tasks! Answering phones and pushing buttons! My God, a cockatoo with a strong beak could do what you do!
Well Bruce, I see we are loaded with callers here. What line is next?
Three.
Why don't you just let me handle this?
Francesca, please... we had a little technical glitch there. But we were almost out of time anyway. Please, if you'll call in tomorrow, I'll make sure you're the first order of business. Please call. Well, we're just about wrapped up here, folks... I'll see you tomorrow, Seattle.
You think so, Bruce?
Well, call me old-fashioned but when my show starts out with a screeching noise that could shatter crystal, then moves on to an open mike while I'm eating a bag of potato chips, then disconnects two manic-depressives and a woman with a fear abandonment, I don't think it's a show we should be mailing off to the Smithsonian!
Hello, Roz.
Oh, Bruce and I are getting along splendidly!
Bye, Roz.
Yes, yes. I'd love to come.
Well, Gil, I'm sure that rift will soon be over. Before long, Bulldog will prove that all he's wanted all along is just to get his hands on Roz.
Ooh... in fact that moment may have arrived.
Look, she's bending over! Oh turn around, Bulldog!
Alright, he moves in... and he... ...helps pick up the papers!
Yes well, enjoy it while you can. Bulldog can't keep his libido in check forever.
Yes. In the meantime, I have to find someone halfway competent to produce my show. How hard could that be?
Well Niles, I've never understood why you wanted your hedges to be sculpted into the shapes of animals.
Well, thank you, Niles. You've been a great deal of help. There are worse things than seeing one's career go down the toilet - I could have my hedges cut into unattractive shapes.
Well, I'm sorry! But I'm just the slightest bit panicky that I'm never going to get Roz back! I've been waiting for weeks for Bulldog to make his move, and against all natural laws, he hasn't!
Doesn't everyone?
Hmm... what could be your point, Dad? I'm having trouble reading between the lines.
As usual, you're overlooking a key psychological component in this whole issue.
Exactly!
You don't understand. You see, it's not the same as Dad being wrong, or your being wrong. I have a degree from Harvard! Whenever I'm wrong... the world makes a little less sense.
Niles, don't you think you're being just the slightest bit sexist? What's labeled “pushy” in a woman is called “assertiveness” in a man. Gone are the days when women were shunted aside to bat their eyelashes prettily and say nothing.
Oh Daphne, please, I can handle this.
Well, I'm sorry. I'm just not quite ready to swallow my pride.
I'm listening.
Ah, yes. Another beautiful Saturday night. The moon is full, the city lights are twinkling, lovers steal kisses in the park... and here, Chez Crane, my father and his assistant sit hunched over twenty year-old photographs of a murdered hooker. Life is a banquet.
Dad, you're obsessing. You stare at these grisly pictures day after day, night after night. Come on, why don't we go out and see a movie?
Let's go get a pizza.
Let's get tattooed. Oh! This is ridiculous. It's a beautiful night and I'm not going to miss it. I'm going to go out and take a long walk and I'm not going by myself.
Bulldog.
Brilliant in its simplicity.
Yes, it could have gone either way.
Oh, oh, Bulldog, have you met my brother Niles? Niles, this is Bulldog Briscoe.
Yes. But Niles, I've been wondering: Would you mind if I asked Dad to join us?
Yes, it's just I'm trying desperately to come up with some way to get him out of the house. He's off on one of his “Weeping Lotus” binges again.
Oh, Niles, Niles, this is it, this is it. The basketball game!
Yes, yes, I can get another ticket from the promotional department. Oh, this is perfect. Just imagine how excited Dad will be to go to a game with his two sons. My God, it's the archetypal male bonding ritual!
Come on Niles, look, it'll give you a chance to see the Tacoma Dome.
I'm a Teamster compared to you.
Here we are: one beer, and two glasses of wine. I'm sure it's good, Niles, they opened a fresh box when they poured it.
Yes, Niles, it's just as you feared: communal urinals in the mens room.
So, Dad, aren't these great seats, huh?
What's the matter with you?
What for?
Dad, the whole idea of coming here tonight was to get your mind off of the case. Listen I've done some reading. It seems the key for the Sonics is to stop Starts from penetrating and dumping the ball off for easy baskets.
Oh, shut up, Niles!
Well, Dad, it's not my theory, I'm just quoting some sports writer.
Dad, please try to participate. Ooh, look! They're starting the wave! Ooh, it's coming this way, it's coming this way!
That was fun, wasn't it? Oh, look, there's a peanut guy! Peanuts!
Stop it, that is for me!
Oh, Dad, this isn't about the case, is it?
Well, Dad, look, you've been working on it for twenty years, how come you're so obsessed now?
Okay, Dad. I understand.
Evening, Dad.
Oh, God, it was a pleasure, Dad. I'm only sorry you couldn't join us for dinner afterwards. La Cochan Noir gave us a late seating for a fabulous dinner.
Yes, but think of it this way, Niles: what is the one thing better than an exquisite meal? An exquisite meal with one tiny flaw we can pick at all night.
So, Dad, any progress on the case?
Night, Dad.
No, you didn't.
Yes, well it's been a while since I've gone over this. Who are these guys?
Wait, wait, wait...
A monkey?
Well, why wasn't Brisbane a suspect?
Yes, it's easy to forget there was a time when Las Vegas wasn't the tacky place it is now.
You know, there is a way that Brisbane could be the killer, and still have his horse track alibi hold up. Daphne, Niles, I present you with... the killer!
Just play along with me here. They're capable of shooting arrows, why not a gun?
Because, because she jilted him for someone else.
Exactly! My God, we've done it!
Well, yes! But you were standing very close by. Wait a minute. Are we saying here that a murder was committed by a monkey?
No. Niles, Niles, wait, wait. It's still just a theory. Even if we are right, just think how Dad would feel, knowing we cracked a case he couldn't solve in twenty years.
Wait. It's merely serendipity that I stumbled into this. Why can't it happen again? I simply rearrange the photos in a way that Dad will see the connection. All right, we've got Koko, the gun, and Helen.
Sorry Dad.
Something wrong?
What?
Dad, Dad, that's wonderful news!
Here, lay it all out for us.
Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!
Hello Daphne.
Is Dad home?
What?
Oh, something else. You'd definitely be awake for it, though.
Oh, dear God, I wish he hadn't done that. You know, I've been turning it over in my mind all day. The more I think about it, the goofier it sounds. I mean, a MONKEY. Let's hope they didn't laugh him out of the station, be one hell of way to end a thirty year police career.
You're right, I could have said it was a trained giraffe. I suppose it killed her by spitting a bullet at her, thus explaining the downward trajectory.
Hi, Dad.
Geez, they didn't ridicule you, did they?
Dad, it wasn't your fault. I did it.
No. But I did plant that ridiculous idea in your head. Remember last night when you came in, so upset that I was rearranging your pictures? Well, I rearranged them in a specific way so that you would... come to the same conclusion I did.
I can't tell you how terrible I feel.
Oh, that's amazing, that's wonderful! Oh, that's suede!
Well, I may have momentarily doubted it, but from time to time I have to be reminded to trust my gift.
Now, now, Dad.
Oh, no.
All right, I hate to toot my own horn, but, if it will make Dad happy. I suppose it was my expertise in human behavior, combined with a lifelong enthusiasm for the Rwandan lowland gorilla that first set me thinking about the monkey.
Perhaps I'm going too fast, I'll go slower. The key was when I figured out if Brisbane could teach a monkey to impersonate George Washington, then surely he could teach a monkey to cock a revolver, sneak up a fire escape, lie in wait for Helen, pump her full of lead and then make his getaway, perhaps even still wearing the revolutionary war regalia in order to confuse any chance witnesses. In fact, oh and this is way out there, but geez, maybe you should check to see if there were any local bank robberies at the time that were committed by a short, hairy man wearing a powdered wig.
Well, wasn't he?
Who's Shelby?
Oh. Well, that was my second choice.
Can I freshen anyone's drink?
Yes, yes, that's all very funny.
Well, I suppose I can, yes. Oh, wait! I've got one. Who do you suppose the monkey will get to defend him? Clarence Darrow?
The Scopes Monkey trial... You know, Darwin's theory evolution... It was turned into a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, “Inherit the Wind.” Is that gun loaded?
Thank you, no.
Which is what?
Oh dear, thank you Roz.
Oh, it's a tape Dad asked me to rent for him. It's part our new Wednesday night ritual. Dad mixes up a pot of his five-alarm chili, we all curl up on the couch and watch an Angie Dickinson movie and I wish I were dead. You should join us.
Oh, well, be sure to wear your hernia belt. So, Roz, you gonna join us?
No, no, no! Just hold on now, Roz. You and Niles got off on the wrong foot a long time ago. I think if you two sat down and had a real conversation you'd hit it off famously. Here, you sit, Roz, and I will go and get your coffee.
You know, sometimes I am such a good therapist, I scare myself! Oh my goodness... where's my briefcase?
Well, yes I did, but someone must have taken it!
Excuse me.
Is that your briefcase?
Where did you get it?
Ah, your parish? Then that would make you a priest?
Well, then, "Father", perhaps you'd like to explain why you'd be carrying around......a Bible and some rosary beads?!
An Angie Dickinson movie. I loaned it to the Monsignor. He was supposed to give it to you to give to me. Apparently he forgot. Well, it's a two-day rental anyway, doesn't matter. Off you go. Thank you.
Yes, I would mind holding again! Look, I've already held three times! I'm simply trying to report a few stolen credit cards, but every five seconds...damn it! Don't stare at me, Eddie. I'm a humane man, but right now I could kick a kitten through an electric fan!
Yes, all right, Dad, go ahead; tell me how stupid I was to get taken advantage of that way. It's certainly better than listening to "Jumping Jack Flash" arranged for piano and flute.
Well, that's rather refreshing. I was expecting you to call me every name from a naive dupe to a...
But you're not!
I'm sorry, but that's just a little cynical for me! I don't want to go through life thinking the worst of people. I prefer to think of them as basically good and decent. Yes, I am here, but you know, I'm sorry, I'm in the middle of a speech right now, so you'll have to hold! Truth is, I enjoy my life that way. If the price I have to pay is to replace a few credit cards from time to time, well then, so be it.
So... whose point did she prove?
Well, I can't tell you how much fun it's been chatting with you all today, nasty old Gertrude aside. But, I'd like to close the show with a personal message. This goes out to the person who stole my briefcase yesterday. And, as it turns out, also stole my dry cleaning this morning with the claim ticket that was inside. You need help, and I am here to provide it. Oh, also, the double-breasted navy blue suit was meant to be worn with French cuffs and medium heel wing tips. You may be sick, but there's no reason why you shouldn't be stylish. Until tomorrow, this is Dr. Frasier Crane.
What do you want?
No.
Take one of each, I'm feeling generous.
Hello?
Yes, it is.
Yes, well, actually, my show is over. You'll have to call in again tomorrow.
Oh, really? Really, are you sure?
Well, there's a way we can be positive. Simply turn over the briefcase and in the upper right-hand corner you should find a half-moon-shaped watermark, such as would be left by the careless resting of a champagne flute.
Oh. Well, that works as well, yes. Say, listen, is everything still there?
What about my wallet?
Well, I suppose that was asking for too much. Well, how can I get it back?
Oh, better yet, why don't you meet me at the Café Nervosa on Pike and Third. I'd be glad to give you a reward.
That's perfect. Bye.
Yes, but not surprising. Haven't I always told you to have faith in people?
Yes.
Indeed.
There's no way you're getting Friday off.
Well, then why don't you?
Still, Niles, we both know the only way to break people off their bad habits is by confronting them.
So?
Kind of brutal, weren't you?
There, there, Niles. Soon you'll be home with Maris and you'll forget you were anywhere near a beautiful woman today. Please, why don't we sit here by the window so we can see him when he comes?
Yes. You know, I have to tell you Niles, I'm feeling rather good about this whole thing. Granted, I did lose my wallet and my favorite suit. But, still, mostly everything else was intact. My date book, my spare set of car keys, my fountain pen. But, best of all, what has remained intact is my sense that people are basically trustworthy.
Now, now... before you launch into one of your little paranoid riffs, my car happens to be... MOVING DOWN THE STREET!!
Oh my god! Stop! Stop that well-dressed man!
Terribly. Guess what happened today?
My car was stolen!
Yes, once again, I fell victim to a master criminal.
No. He had the key.
No... It was the same miscreant who stole my briefcase. He used the spare set that was inside.
Not exactly. He called the station and we agreed to meet.
Oh, what are you, the town crier?! Oh, go ahead and laugh! You know, it still doesn't shake my belief in the basic goodness of people.
Yes, well, I'm glad that my misfortune has given you two so much glee! But Dad, I have two requests. First, wipe that father-knows-best smirk off of your face! I am not a child!
Can I borrow your car? I want to go to the movies.
And last stop on our tour, my booth. Where all the magic happens.
Thank you for the ride down, Daphne, but we do have a show to do. So if you...
Yes, yes, of course. Your soothing voice, your calming manner. I could listen to you for hours.
Oh, yes. Absolutely. All right, now get out.
Roz, could you get that, please?
I wasn't out with anyone named Denise last night.
Oh, all right. Hello. This is Frasier Crane.
I beg your pardon?
You did?
Denise, could you just hold on for a moment?
Do you realize what this means?
And it worked! She slept with him on the first date! Nobody ever sleeps with me on the first date! Hi, it's me again.
Yes. Apparently he wasn't content just to steal my possessions. Now he's after my identity as well!
No, Roz, no! I will handle this myself. I am going down to Alberto's.
Just run something from the "Best of Frasier Crane." This jackal thinks he's meeting Denise down there, but he's going to meet me instead!
I don't care, Roz! My god, this man's gone too far. He's after my very soul now! What was it Shakespeare wrote? "He who steals my purse steals trash. But he who steals my good name steals..." Well... oh, I forget the rest, but it makes me good and mad!
Excuse me. Have you seen a man in here wearing an impeccably tailored Italian suit?
Oh, well... thank you. Giorgio Armani.
Yes, uh, Frasier Crane, it's a pleasure. Do you mind?
Yes.
Oh, thank you.
Yes, someone did.
Oh, good heavens, if you're looking for identification, I... Uh-oh.
Yes, but, he stole my wallet the other day.
Frasier did - the bad Frasier.
Heather, this is absurd! Can't you recognize my...
Nice suit.
Oh, no you don't! You're mine now!
Damn it! How did you find me?
Well, a certain Denise called the station today. She had to cancel your little rendezvous.
No. You put on my best suit!
No. What I would like to do is throttle you until your eyes shoot across the room like champagne corks! But I won't, because this is still a civilized world. But it won't be for long if you lowlifes have your way, because with every wallet you steal, you put bars on someone else's windows! With every purse you snatch, you put mace on another key chain! Everyday you make our lives a little less livable, and I hope that burns on your conscience! Well, what do you have to say for yourself?
Oh, oh... I see. I see. You think by agreeing with me, I'll let you off the hook.
Oh yes, here it comes - the old sob story. "Daddy didn't love me. Mother ignored me. The bully next door stole my baseball glove."
Thank you.
You expect me to believe that your entire life of crime can be attributed to your laziness?
Story of my week. You know, you seem to be taking this awfully well.
Or perhaps... perhaps you wanted to get caught.
Yes, well, think about it. You've been taking greater and greater risks. Isn't that the behavior of a man who wants to get caught?
Oh, dear god!
Well, I still say that you really wanted to get caught. It's a classic cri de couer.
Well, it's a ballet, it... it just means that you don't like the life that you're living.
Then why don't you change?
As a psychiatrist, I just don't buy that. You're not lazy. What you are is afraid. There are any number of things you could do in a legitimate world. You're just afraid to try one of them and fail at it.
Yes. I believe everyone can change because I believe in the basic goodness of people. Oh yes, hello. Yes, uh...just a moment, please. Start now. Take responsibility for yourself. For once, don't take the easy way out.
Oh, what are you talking about? I am Frasier Crane!
Well, no... no. But it's the truth! Tell them.
What?!
But he's lying! He's the imposter! Don't you people recognize me?!
Oh, for goodness sake! This is madness! I can't believe this is happening! People of the world, listen to me! Trust no one, especially THAT lazy bastard!
Dad, when a man has no front teeth and stitches on his nose, I think it's safe to assume he's sensitive to criticism.
Oh, must be one of those inspirational tapes that Daphne's always listening to. Oh, my God, “Here, Have a Rainbow,” by Dr. Honey Snow. Daphne, how can you listen to this stuff ? It's absolute drivel.
Oh, really, fancy that. She tells everyone that they're perfectly wonderful and that nothing wrong is ever their fault. What do you know, they like it.
Yes, well I have. Believe me, after one page, I was yearning for the worldly cynicism of Barney the Dinosaur.
Hello, Niles, to what do we owe this pleasure?
Oh, God.
Dear God, what is the grand prize this year?
All right.
She'd better copyright that before some unscrupulous hack steals it.
I would sooner attend a hoe-down.
I have my reputation to think of.
All right, if it will make you all happy to see me humiliate myself.
Yes, well... Oh, look everyone! Eddie has found his inner puppy!
I promise this'll just take a minute.
“Don't Change, You're Perfect.”
It's unbelievable. Here, get her autograph for me, will you? She's sitting right behind those people over there. Just go get it signed and then we'll get out of here, go have a nice lunch at Le Cigare Volant.
I have my reputation to think of!
I'm giving myself one now.
Well actually it's more of a Heimlich maneuver.
Good, good. Let's buy it and get out of here.
Roz, I don't want to meet the woman, let's just go.
What difference could that make? The woman stands for everything that I find totally...
...enchanting.
And I'm... wait, don't tell me, Dr. Frasier Crane.
Why not?
No fear here.
And I've recently become one of yours.
Well, what about those mental hugs of yours? It can't get much simpler than that.
Oh, yes, you start without me. All I really want is a little nibble.
I'd love to.
Well it was nice meeting you, Dr. Snow.
It certainly is...
What's all this?
Niles?
Good.
As a matter of fact, yes.
Did it ever occur to you that I might not want Niles to know who I'm dating?
Analyze them? She could star in them.
Well, I just simply skirt the issue.
You're just jealous. But not half as jealous as you're about to be. I suggest you get a coaster for your lower lip.
Hi, Honey. Allow me to make the introductions. Daphne Moon, Honey Snow; Honey Snow, Daphne Moon. She's a big fan of yours.
My father, Martin Crane.
And, last but not least, my brother Niles.
Perhaps we should be going.
Oh?
Oh. Another one? So soon?
Me?
Well, actually there's so many other people that would be more qualified to write for such an important work.
Oh, no, no, no, no. It's a great honor.
Well there's no two ways about it, then. I'm writing that foreword.
Niles, will you please stop giggling? It's very distracting.
I'm trying to recommend the book. Reading it doesn't help. Okay, here, how's this: “Many great volumes have been written about human behavior. And I can honestly say, without fear of contradiction, that this book can stand on the shelf next to any of them.” No good, is it?
Oh, Niles, will you please help me? Honey asked me to write this foreword two weeks ago, she's got a deadline, she's been wondering where it is.
Oh, give me that! Niles, you just don't understand what's at stake here. I've never felt this way about a woman before. I'm out of control. Her effect on me, it's, it's... there are no words to describe it, really, it's more like a sound...
Yes.
Yes, it's the old "Good Cop, Horny Cop" routine.
Well, Niles, that broker of yours, he's a marvel!
Yes, I'd say so. I've been so impressed with his winning streak lately that I asked Daphne what her latest pick was. I invested a few hundred myself.
Thank you. But there's just one thing, though, it's very hard to figure out. Although I invested in the very same stock that Daphne did, mine declined and hers went up. How do you explain that?
Fess up, Niles, this whole stock thing was a lie from the get-go.
Niles, you are giving a woman money in order to obtain physical affection! We are talking the world's oldest profession. Granted, this is sort of the Walt Disney version, but still. It's wrong, and I insist you stop it.
You know, Niles, I've been thinking maybe I should get on that gravy train myself. Tell Wendel I'm in for ten thousand.
Yes, well just think of the dinner I'll be able to buy when Niles brings me my profits.
Snap out of it. What you were doing was completely dishonest.
What is that supposed to mean?
Don't be ridiculous! Our two situations are totally different.
Well, for one thing, you've been misleading a woman for your own selfish gain.
Well, I'm not finished. She was also... trusting you to tell the truth.
Your woman is English!
I know. I know. Just going to take a little while to climb down off of this particular high horse.
Yes. I have to tell her I can't write the foreword. Oh, Niles, and I have to say goodbye to the chance of ever sleeping with absolute perfection. Oh, Niles, where oh where will I ever have the chance again to gaze upon such extraordinarily proud supple breasts?
Yes, well thank you for the fabulous table. I think hugging the maitre d' really clinched it.
Sure.
You better fire up about ten of those. You know, there's something I'd really like to talk to you about. It's about that foreword I've been trying to write for you.
Really?
Well, your bag-boy has arrived.
No, no, no, no, I really need to discuss this now.
Oh, I don't think you'll have any complaints. No, no, no, I've got to focus on the subject at hand.
No, no, Honey, I can't do it!
No, no, I, I can't write the foreword.
Well, I, I just didn't think it was a very good book. I think the world of you and I wish you the greatest success, but I didn't think the book was good enough to put my name on it. I guess I'll be going now.
Well, I, uh... have to be true to my inner voice.
I hope you feel you can be just as honest to me.
I thought your chapter titles were clumsy and jejune. Your turn.
I think that sandalwood stinks.
I thought your first three books were trite and saccharine.
It's your turn Honey. Honey?
As well you should be.
Oh, well, I meant “trite” in its best sense. As in the phrase “trite and true.”
I love saccharine. Use it every day.
Honey, I'm sorry, I really am. Couldn't we try one of your forgiveness exercises?
Hug?
Well, that's our show for today. Don't forget - Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe is up next. Oh, yes. This is KACL Cash Call Week. $5,000 if you answer your phone with the phrase that pays. So when your phone rings, don't say hello, say...
WELL, BLOW ME DOWN!!! Uh...no, no, no. Say, uh... KACL is, uh... the talk of the town... talk of Seattle, whatever, Bye-bye.
Sam, Sam! Oh my God! Well, what are you doing in town?
They did?
I mean, that's great, but... well, come on in.
Oh, yeah, it's fine.
This is Roz Doyle.
Oh, boy. Just look at the two of you face to face. I imagine wild animals all over the Northwest are lifting their heads, alerted to the scent. Good-bye, Roz.
Yes, it glows in the dark.
So, uh, how's everybody at Cheers?
Yes, yes... it's ironic, isn't it? You know, she spends all her energy trying to land some rich guy and she ends up with an ordinary plumber.
Well, heck, I'm happy for her.
Working at Cheers again?
Oh, that is wonderful! Is he...?
Oh! Well, genetics takes a holiday, huh? So, Sam, you want to continue this over some lunch?
So, are Norm and Cliff still holding up the bar?
Oh!
Here we are, Sam.
Oh, Sam, this is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane.
Wasn't exactly a health club you were running there, Sam.
Well, we had had an argument. You called me a stuffed shirt and hung up on me. I was mad.
You were dead, what did it matter?
Oh, Daphne... Daphne, this is Sam Malone. Sam, this is Daphne Moon, Dad's physical therapist
Of course he's flirting with her. He flirts with everyone. He can't help it, he's a sexual compulsive. But he's getting help for it in a support group.
Hello? You'd like to speak to Sam? Um... well, who's calling, please? Sheila?
Um... yes, well, he's not here right now, but I'm expecting him soon.
Uh... I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was mistaken. He WAS here, but, uh, he left. Well, yes, I'll give him the message. Thank you. I'm sorry, Sam, I'm a little out of practice. So, uh, who's Sheila?
Marry? When?
Yesterday?
But Sam...
Czeslaw Milovicz.
Damn! That's a trick question!
Well, Sam, now that everybody's gone, there was something I wanted to bring up. I just - what is it, what is it... Oh yes, yes, I remember: what the hell do you mean you were about to get married?!
So, you're not in Seattle because of the Mariners?
All right, all right. Sam, let's have a seat here and start this thing from the very beginning. Now, who is this woman?
You know, Sam, it's always amazed me how you can elevate and demean in the same sentence.
Forget it, just...
Well, it's my guess, Sam, that you left a lot of clues as to where you were because, basically you wanted her to find you. I have a feeling that you actually want to marry this girl.
Look, Sam, all that happened was you panicked. It's perfectly natural. The wedding ceremony represents the end of your old life.
You know, for most guys that's just an expression.
You know, Sam, I have a feeling that you're finally ready for a commitment like this. I think you ought to get on that phone and call her.
Well, just tell her you panicked and ran. Tell her the truth. I mean, after all, honesty is the cornerstone a healthy relationship.
Absolutely. Geez, the only question now is, will she still take you back?
Yes, yes... More than that, she's on her way here in a plane right now. They're going to get married in Hawaii.
Oh Roz, don't be a sore loser, will you, please? Look, I invited them here on their way in from the airport.
Oh, Sam!
Sheila, likewise. Uh, this is Roz and Niles.
Sure. Right... right.
Oh, my god.
No, no, no. Not that "Oh, my god." Oh, my god, I slept with that woman three months ago.
Yes!
I was... I was in Boston for a long weekend. I was feeling a little depressed, so I took solace in the arms of a... a beautiful and remarkably welcoming young woman in a hotel bar.
No, Niles. I told you that for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Of course it was she! Did you see the way she ran out of here the minute she saw me?
Oh, put the weapon down! Stop it, Roz! Have you no scruples whatsoever?
Well, I didn't know that at the time!
Oh, what, and ruin our relationship as well as theirs?! What I've got to do is, actually I've got to speak to her first. Hear her side of this story. I mean, after all, there are hundreds of reasons why people have affairs.
Niles. Well, there's got to be some explanation. Maybe they stopped seeing each other for a couple of weeks. Maybe Sam cheated on her and she was just doing it to get even with him. Or, who knows? Maybe she just found me completely irresistible.
Oh, all right!
Hello, Sheila. Good to see you again. Sam, you are one lucky guy!
Oh, good. Look, you have some explaining to do, young lady!
No, thank you.
Yes. Well... I'm glad I could be down there for you.
Oh, of course I can understand, Sheila. And I sympathize. I've had many patients that share your affliction... although, to date you're the only one I've met who can hit the emergency button of an elevator with a stiletto heel.
Well, you certainly do seem sincere about this. I think, in all good conscience I can support this marriage, but I want you to know if you start to feel yourself slipping, here's my number. No, no, no... so I can help you as a psychiatrist!
Oh, and... I think it's probably best if maybe we don't tell Sam about the two of us.
It's not that I have a guilty conscience or anything.
Yaahh!!
Got a little charley horse, Sam.
Well, that's a first. What did I say?
Being the cornerstone of a good relationship?
Was this after you were engaged?
You know... I think it's time you guys had a little privacy.
Uh... you know, I just remembered. I parked in a loading zone. I'd better...
Paul? Short...
Fat...
Yes, yes. Okay, you told one, you told one, that's great, we're all even-steven! Let's go eat.
What, are we still on this?! Geez – I mean, there is honesty and there's beating a dead horse!
Oh, Sheila, for God's sake! Look, I'll tell him.
Sam, what's she's trying to say is...
I believe she said "Cliff."
I slept with a woman who slept with Cliff?!
Well, I know it was painful, Sam, but you made the right decision.
You're just using Cliff as the excuse. We both know there were more compelling reasons for you to back out of this thing.
You know, Sam, to put this thing aside once and for all, I...
Cliff. That is a tough one to swallow, huh? But, you know the important thing is that you proved to yourself that you're ready for a commitment even if Sheila wasn't the one.
You know, in a way we're both in the same boat.
Well, you know... we've tried, we've failed. But we'll try again. Sam, we're looking for a meaningful relationship.
We're gonna find it though, buddy. I tell you.
That says meaningful to me.
Dad?
Daphne? Anybody home?
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain! Too much love drives a man insane! Oh, what a thrill, just what a thrill! Goodness gracious, great balls of fire!
Let me guess, Maris has moved into the east wing again?
What, no gifts? No party? No nothing?
Well listen Niles, why don't you just sit her down and have a little talk, tell her it was a mistake. We’ve all noticed she's a bit touchy about her age, even though it's not the first time she's turned forty.
Listen dad, you didn't happen to find a book lying around here? The station manager loaned it to me and I promised I'd return it today.
The Life And Times Of Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree. It's a stunningly witty history of the English theatre.
Dad, you could at least try to be a little bit helpful, I promised him I'd return it today.
Daphne.
Look, I thought you were out... not that I make a habit of coming in here when you're out! Well, I thought I came in to get my book which I have, see. Well, I'll just be going - me and my book. See Frasier go.
Well, let's just forget about Maris for the time being, shall we? Sit down and have a nice meal in a convivial atmosphere.
This morning, I went into her bedroom.
Oh, Niles! I simply went in there to retrieve my book.
Oh, what's the big deal?
She goes into my room all the time, and it doesn't bother me!
Dad, that is sexism talking.
Alright! I'll go into Daphne's room and I will apologize to her.
Alone, Niles!
Daphne, it's Dr. Crane.
Could you open the door, please?
I, I behaved very insensitively this morning. And I did need the book but it was wrong of me to go in without your permission.
And I'm sorry.
It'll never happen again.
Ever.
I'm being very nice.
Well, good night Daphne.
Oh, there's no need to explain. I promise you, it will never be an issue again!
Oh, dear God! All eight of them?
Coffee, dad?
Yes.
Sorry, Niles. Thank God.
I thought she wasn't speaking to you.
Oh, great!
These pills!
No, Daphne's prescription. When I was in her room earlier, I must have inadvertently... knocked them into my pocket.
OK, I was snooping around a little bit. Oh, dear God! "Take one before bedtime." Oh no, she's sure to miss these tonight.
Oh great, this is my chance. I'll just sneak back there and put these back in her room.
Alone, Niles!
Daphne, I'm so sorry!
I assume you and Maris achieved détente.
What magic words did you use to melt your little glacier?
You bought her a Mercedes?
If you're through marinating in your own testosterone, I have a problem. Remember last night I went back into Daphne's room? Well, she caught me again.
I was just so embarrassed I had to leave this morning before she woke up. I left a little note, trying to explain my actions. Considering the circumstances, I don't think there's any way she can forgive me!
But I took no pleasure in it at all! The entire thing was just absolutely mortifying!
No, Niles, no!
Hi, Roz.
Good to see you.
I just don't see that there's any way I can make it up to Daphne.
Maris was upset with Niles so he bought her a Mercedes.
And if you're suggesting that I buy my way out of my problem, the answer is no! It's the coward’s way out!
Yes!
Oh Roz, don't encourage him, I happen to think that bribery is the wrong way for couples to resolve their conflicts!
Hello, dad. Love your icebreaker!
She's talking about quitting?
Oh dad, I can't go in there!
He's defying you too, dad!
Daphne, Daphne, please, please wait, we've gotta talk. I feel absolutely terrible.
That puts my mind at ease.
Oh look, Daphne, I realize how hard it is to live in someone else's home.
Oh Daphne, you're absolutely right, you do deserve a place of your own. Listen if you agree to stay, I'll I'll have your room redecorated. Just make it your own. Paint, wallpaper, upholstery, anything you'd like. Just so you feel comfortable.
Daphne, I promise, as long as we live under the same roof together, I will never ever set foot in your room again.
Thank you.
Ah, Niles!
Dear God, she's really determined to keep me out of there.
Oh, I know what you’re thinking, and believe me, it's just a gesture.
Niles, our two situations are entirely different. You bought Maris off because you are afraid of her.
No.
But... Niles! Niles, where are you going?
Just get out of there.
Niles...
Oh, stop it!
Niles, you’re acting like a child!
Oh my God, no! You see what you've done now! She's bound to find out!
No, Niles, she'll quit!
It’s all Niles’s fault!
Never mind, just help us clean up this mess!
Daphne, did you happen to see that sporty little sub-compact over there? I bet you could park that anywhere.
Well, we’ve got time for one more call. Roz, who've we got?
Hello, Sid. I'm listening.
Sid, are you reading what you're saying?
Well, what if someone asks you a question you haven't anticipated?
Wait, Sid! Sid, if you're listening, your insecurity is rooted in your fear of making a mistake. In order to beat this thing, you're going to have to practice. If you work at it very hard. Then, one day, you too may achieve the command and confidence to which we all aspire to... be having. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you good mental health.
Thank you, Roz.
Oh, Niles! What are you doing here?
You know someone who's a member?
What are you up to? You have that same smug look you had on your face when you found that recording of Kirsten Flagstad's 1932 Gotterdammerung in the discount bin.
So, how did this all come about?
Gives new meaning to the phrase, "a stroke of luck."
Well, I'm very happy for you.
Not at all.
So?!
Well, it would appear so. More power to him. After all, he deserves to have lunch in that private dining room, and read the Wall Street Journal in that fabled mahogany library...
Like a carnivorous bacteria. If he gets into that club I should too!
Oh Roz, don't toy with me!
Walter Strickland, Jr?!
Roz, how did you ever get to know someone so important?
Daphne, are you almost finished with that?
Thank you. I hope my date concurs.
Dr. Susan Anderson. She's as boring as unbuttered toast, but she's a brilliant physician, and been socially well- connected.
Well, yes, he was, at first. But, then I convinced him that we could be of help to each other. If we work together, we can secure both vacancies.
Hello, Niles.
No, actually, I'm still waiting on Susan; she's at the hospital.
Hmm... School ties... business affiliations... hobbies... mistresses.
We're as good as in!
Unless... oh, Niles! I just had the most terrifying thought.
What if some other candidate has gone to the trouble researching... the skeletons in our own closet?
I wouldn't be so sure. I don't think the membership committee would look kindly on your being arrested for mooning President Nixon at the campaign rally.
It was not a legitimate attempt. I only stepped out on that ledge to get Lilith's attention.
Oh, that's a good idea, Niles. I'll see you there.
Hello? Oh, Susan, Susan! Oh my goodness, I've been expecting you. Are you in the car? Oh no, you're still at the hospital? Well, of course I understand. Well, you were a sweetheart to agree to go in the first place. I'll call you tomorrow. Fat chance.
This is disastrous!
No, I've RSVP'd for two. I'll look like some loser who couldn't even scrape up a date.
Oh... oh, yes... oh, it's everything I've ever imagined it would be and more!
That's power. Oh, Daphne, listen, call me Frasier. I don't want people to know that you work for me, all right? If they ask, we've been dating for six months.
Oh, now just stop that!
Oh, Niles, Niles! How goes the chase?
Listen, my date canceled, Daphne's filling in, all right? You can't honestly think that I would end up going out with Daphne?
On a completely unrelated topic, where's Maris?
Accidents will happen.
My god! Niles, feel this leather! Oh, I have had pudding stiffer than this!
Yes, Niles, I'm sure it was very satisfying being Phi Beta Kappa at Yale, but surely you would have been happier to wear the orange and black of Princeton.
Allow me. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, and this is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane, the eminent psychiatrist.
Thanks.
Van Cortland? I thought he lost his membership in the S & L scandal.
Oh, he was innocent?
That's very amusing, Niles, using humor to defuse a tense situation. I'm sure that stood you in good stead when you were in prison for threatening the president.
No, no.
Oh, yes, I'd like two ounces of your best 18-year-old Lowland single malt scotch.
Oh, there’s Niles. No, don't look at him! Pretend we don't even see him.
Thanks to that backstabber, I will never get to say the phrase I've been rehearsing for a lifetime: “If you need me, I'll be at my club.”
Well, yes! But I was the first to apologize last time. Oh, wait - that means it's his turn! Oh, goody, I can be mature about this!
Niles.
After last night's behavior, I believe an apology is in order.
“Well,” what?
No, you didn’t!
So you did. That means it is my turn again... Damn! I'm sorry.
I can't believe we just turned on each other like that.
Hello? Yes, I see. Thank you very much for calling. Goodbye.
Niles...
Believe me, Niles, your getting passed up like this has drained every drop of joy from this.
YES!!! I got in, I got in! I got... shout it from the rooftops! Lattes for everyone! This is the proudest day of my life!
Of course, what really matters is family.
Dad, what are you doing?
With my twenty-six-dollar-a-pound imported prosciutto?
Not unless he can sing the love duet from Tosca.
Down to the Empire Club. I've come to a moral decision. I'm going to insist that they give Niles my membership.
Yes well, I put myself in Niles' place. After all, he’s spent the last fifteen years diligently trying to climb Seattle's social ladder, then I waltz in and within two years I'm known throughout the city. To top it all off, I end up grabbing the prize he's wanted most of all. It just isn't fair.
Thank you, Dad. I might as well say this while I still can: "If anyone needs me... I'll be at my club."
Yes well, I see the prosciutto isn’t the only imported ham in the house.
Excuse me, is the club president here?
Thank you.
Excuse me, Mr. Drake?
Dr. Frasier Crane.
Thank you. Sir, I've come here on a matter personal business. It's about my brother, Niles. You see, Niles is a sort of... Oh... ohhhh! Oh my God! This leather’s as soft as a baby's bottom!
Oh, yes! Yes, indeed, yes. Darned good one too, sir. Yes, as I was saying, although my brother may seem a bit priggish at times, believe me, he's one of the most discriminating people I've ever known. In fact, I think you'd be hard pressed to find a bigger snob in this room, I mean...
1896?!
Glad to be aboard, sir! No, no, no... No, I came down here to simply say that my brother deserves membership more than I do, and I would like to step down in his favor.
Yes, yes I am... after all, blood is thicker than port. I stand corrected!
Radio psychiatrist? But Niles...
Mr. Drake, there's been a terrible mistake.
Niles!
Niles, you don't understand!
But, Niles-!
Okay...
Niles, they got our names mixed up. I didn't get in, you did.
It was you they wanted all along.
Niles, come along. We don't need this club. Let us leave with the dignity with which we came.
Brian, let me assure you. No one is a born scatterbrain! You simply have to develop your powers of concentration. On a trip to the Amazon I was able to observe the hunters of the primitive Shipibo tribe. With nothing more than a crude blowgun they can bring down small monkeys from the forest canopy high above their heads. How?
Focus, and mental discipline. And that’s what we have to work on, Brian. Focus on one thing and not allow ourselves to be distracted by a single- WE’VE BEEN NOMINATED FOR A SEABEA!!!
Of course, we should never become so single-minded that we don’t allow ourselves to be spontaneous. We’ll be back right after this.
Oh, Roz. This is wonderful. They like me, they really like me.
Well, that’ll be enough of that!
Roz. Listen, I bought this for you this morning and I was hoping that I wouldn’t have to say this was just for being you...
And wonder why you bothered having your hair done!
Well, I understand congratulations are in order for you as well, Bulldog. What is this now? Four nominations, three wins?
Thank you, Roz. Whom do we have?
Oh, Kari.
And this hurts me how?
Hello Seattle, we’re back. Got time for just one more call. So, Roz – who do we have on the line?
Hello. You’re on with Frasier Crane.
Well, thank you for being so sweet.
Well, thank you for being...
If that’s all?
Yes, I bought it to give to... Excuse me?
My regular routine?
Well, goodbye Kari. Well that’s all our time for today, Seattle. Goodbye and good listening.
I don’t think it’s so weird. It’s hardly following. Maybe she hangs out at Café Nervosa too and the florist is right next door.
Oh Roz I hate that word, “creeps.” There’s a lot of odd people in this business. I never refer to any of them as a “creep.”
Although some people do send me groping for synonyms.
Ah, what are you up to?
Well, I can hardly be surprised. Any particular reason?
Yes, well I’m sorry. It’s not like I’m nominated for a SeaBea every year. Oh, wait a minute – yes, it is!
You just made that up, didn’t you?
What’s this? “Dear Dr. Crane. A little bit of me to wrap around your neck. Your number one fan, Kari.”
Yes, but when did she find the time to put it in my briefcase? I haven’t had it out of my hand all day except when I was in the barber’s chair.
Well, she’s a very devoted fan.
Oh, she does not.
Anybody here besides me think we should put a two-way lock on her door?
Dad, she’s not a weirdo. She’s just a woman who finds me utterly fascinating
In any case, I do think that her invading my space is inappropriate. I hardly think we should start barricading the door.
Niles, you make me sound like a goat staked out in a clearing. No one is hunting me down. No one is closing in on me.
Oh, look. These must be from the station. “From your number one fan Kari. Your time has come. You’re finally going to get what you deserve.”
Stop it, Niles. She’s probably just referring to the fact that it’s time I win this award. Try as you will, you are not going to turn me into some sort of a nervous wreck.
It’s just not going to happen!
Well, what seems to be the source of your depression, Madman?
Madman...
Maybe...
Fortunately, so do I. Well, that’s about all the time we have today, folks. Stay tuned for Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe after these paid commercial messages.
Roz, what is the matter with you? You’re supposed to be screening these calls!
I was hoping a stern warning would do the trick.
It’s barely noticeable.
Roz, I’m sure that with enough foundation and some contouring, maybe a little shadowing... Have you considered wearing a beekeeper’s mask?
Gee, Roz. It’s been sort of a tough week for me too, you know? Kari has taken to putting notes in my briefcase. She’s even been to my apartment.
Yes, I understand she bent his whisk and scratched all his Teflon!
No, no, no. I have a hard time believing that Kari poses a real threat. I mean she doesn’t even have the nerve to come up and look at me face to face. Lord knows she’s had the opportunity.
Tea good for your nose?
Roz, you’re dripping all over the console
Kari?
I have no idea. “I’m very disappointed in you, Dr. Crane. You didn’t wear the scarf I knitted you even though it was very cold. The last man who disappointed me that way... is in his grave. P.S. – I’ll be at the awards tonight and I’ll be looking for you. Your number one fan, Kari.”
Oh, you’re right, Daphne. After all, what do I have to be nervous about? I’m only up for a major award. If I lose I’ll be devastated. If I win then a madwoman who’s been stalking me will have a clear shot when I accept!
Dad, there’s a big difference between a policeman and a skilled bodyguard. These people are trained to size up a crowd, plan escape routes, even get shot if necessary.
Oh yes, that’s just what your personality needs – another bullet!
That must be him. Who is it, please?
That’s not very funny.
Apparently he’s stuck in traffic.
Well, you’re a fountain of comfort this evening.
That must be my muscle.
Dear God, it’s a woman. Where’s my bodyguard when I need him?
I was expecting someone big and wide like a Dominic, a Rocko, a Ruth even.
Hello. So glad to see you.
Oh my God, it is Kari!
Tina?
I suppose you’re right. I just start to feel silly when I act paranoid.
This is my brother Dr. Niles Crane, my father Martin and his home care specialist Daphne Moon.
No, no.
And Eddie would go for your ankles!
Niles – call Cindy. Put it on speaker.
Hello.
Kari?
Kari, wait.
That is my producer Roz. She’s harmless. She just has a pimple on her nose. Looks like some kind of biblical plague!
Roz, Roz, over here. Oh, give me that, will you? You look beautiful. Come join us.
Stop that! Now Roz, listen, you look terrific. You’ve done a wonderful little job with your problem there. It’s practically disappeared.
Careful. She has a concealed weapon.
You know, I wish this woman would just make her move. I hate this looking over my shoulder thinking it could be anyone.
All right.
Niles, just hear me out on this. Didn’t it seem curious to you that Cindy was so quick to dismiss Dad’s theory? Cindy who is not wearing a red dress?
Shh!
Shh!!
SHH! Think about it. She was conveniently out of the apartment at precisely the moment the stalker phoned.
What if it is Cindy? Why hasn’t she made her move?
Oh, I’m not nervous. I’m just a little chilly. It’s a cold night.
Yes, I suppose I should have. Believe me, I meant to. Honest. Where is that elevator?
Oh my God!
There!
There, behind the bar!
Roz, Roz, find Cindy!
Oh, I’m so sorry Mrs. Littlejohn. You see, it’s just that, I’m being stalked by this woman named Kari and when you said that you’d been waiting for me, I...
Oh, well, who’s got a pen?
Oh, I’ll tell you what happened. The paranoia has turned me into a crazy person. First I though you were the stalker. Then I thought she was the stalker, You know, I’ve had enough of this. I’m gonna confront this thing face to face.
Everyone! I will be in the lobby.
I WILL BE IN THE LOBBY!
Well, I’m here – you demented harpy. Come and get me.
Kari?
Alright, I know you’re down here. Come on out and face me! Not so brave anymore, huh? You think you’re tough but you’re only tough as long as you’re hiding in the shadows. You wanna see who’s really tough? You just come on out here!
When I said "tough" I was speaking clearly in a rhetorical sense.
Would... er... any of you happen to have the time?
Would any of you like the time?
Oh, Dad, Dad, please. Coaster. Your beer is sweating.
Oh, Mrs. Greenway! What a pleasant surprise.
Won't you come in?
Mrs. Greenway, there's no way Eddie could be the father, he's been neutered.
Oh, my God! They're miniature Eddies!
Oh! Bad dog! Look what you did!
Here, take these. Dad, Dad, I expect an explanation. All this time I thought Eddie had been fixed.
Well, I am glad to say I've never been that bored.
Oh, for God's sake, please, don't love them. They'll think they're staying. Keep them off the couch. What were you thinking, letting him run free in the park? Haven't you ever seen the way he tries to romance my towel warmer?
Apparently, that's not all he got.
STOP! Dogs only need names if you are planning to call them to you, which we are not. Oh, now listen you, you get right back in there, you mangy little thing. Oh, my God... all right, all right, now I've got to run down to the radio station, but believe me we are going to be having a discussion about this when I get...
Yes, well you better. Now, Daphne, give me that box, please.
To see if I can unload some of them down at the station.
No, no, we don't want them taking after their father.
Though it may be too late already. Oh, for God's sake, STOP STARING AT ME!
Hello, Roz, don't you look lovely...
But I didn't say anything!
In my living room. These are Eddie's mongrel seed. You don't know anybody that wants six puppies, do you?
Oh, please! I've been traipsing up and down the hallway for an hour, trying to unload them; I haven't had the slightest bit of luck.
You know, Roz, it's entirely possible that there's a dog lover inside of you that's just dying to get out. Don't you think so?
Come on, come on, just, just take a look, just have a look, let's have a look...
Roz! How can you just toss him aside after such a tender display of affection?
Oh, Phil, puppy, puppy! They're all on to me. All right, now, you guys behave yourselves.
Hello, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane coming to you from KACL 780 talk radio. I'll be with you for the next three hours. So Roz, who's our first caller?
Hello, Rita, I'm listening.
Have you considered getting a puppy?
I thought you might like some wine and paté, and I made some lemonade for the children...
Where are the Thomases? Why is that dog still here?
For God's sake, he works at the zoo! She's a nurse, Billy's an altar boy and Kathy is a Camp-Fire Girl!
They had a ten-acre farm! If they'd have taken me, I'd have gone with them!
Well, no, I'm not saying that. It's just that he can't stay here.
Oh, hello, Niles. Come on in.
Say no more, you're welcome to hide out here.
Yes, but that's the last one. I'd even managed to find a nice home for him, but Daphne thought the family wasn't nice enough. Some paté, Niles?
Oh, Daphne, that is preposterous! Letting a dog choose your dates?
Daphne, would you mind taking the dog away, please? Get back on the phone with the Thomases, tell them we've reconsidered.
Thank you.
I told you not to name them!
Dad, I seem to remember that Eddie had a little appointment down at the vet's. Can't help but notice he still has that certain spring in his step.
You are going to reschedule, aren't you?
That's the second time you've canceled that appointment. What seems to be the problem?
Eddie, just stop! Oh, Niles, you have liver behind your ears.
So you're telling me that you had a wad of cold meat behind your ears and didn't feel it?
Dad, Dad, listen: I want your assurance that you'll take care of this.
You promise?
Apparently he's got some sort of psychological block against taking Eddie down there. Guess I'm gonna have to do it. Somebody has to be responsible in this family. OK, come on, Eddie let's go. Good boy. Eddie? Uh, Niles...
You know, Niles, perhaps it's best we don't discuss the operation. We might spook him
Well, he understands the word B - A - T - H. God knows how much english he's picked up.
Ah, bon, bon. Je marcherai derriere lui..
Ah. C'es vrais, mais...oh, what are we doing? Eddie, come here! This is ridiculous. Look at him. Oh, for Pete's sake.
What are you staring at? You know why you're here, don't you? Well now, listen, it's for your own good. Believe me you'll be much happier afterwards. Look, your day-to-day routine, it'll be exactly the same. You'll be able to sleep, run around with your little buddies, go play in the woods, chase the birds, lick your... did I mention sleep?
Well, of course he's all right, Dad. Why are you getting so upset? I'm only doing this to help you out.
Look, we agreed that this had to be done, right? Now, you seem to be have a problem with it, so I took charge.
Why are you so upset? It doesn't matter who brought him down here.
Me?!
Dad, I'm sorry. There was no luck at the pound. They said they'd call if they find a dog matching Eddie's description. A five hundred dollar reward for Eddie?!
Are you sure it's enough?
Look, Dad, I said I was sorry.
The park again? What makes you think he's gonna show up there?
Well, I suppose so, yeah.
To the park!
Oh, yes, wouldn't want to go out in the wilds without one of the world’s great outdoorsmen!
I couldn't find him.
Ah, we split up to cover more ground.
You know, Dad, maybe we oughta call it a night. You've been sittin' in this car for three hours.
I think I can guess.
Thank you for clearing that up.
Big, huh?
Oh, Dad, it's like a blast furnace in here.
All right.
You know Dad, I've just developed a very intersting theory about you...
If that's your attitude, just forget it!
Hello? Oh, Niles!
Just a second, Niles, let me put you on speaker-phone here. Hang on. OK, go ahead, Niles.
All right, all right, Niles, just, just remain calm. Let me think back to my Boy Scout training. All right, now, we're on the northeast corner of the park... all right, look into the heavens and see if you can spot the North Star. Then you want to turn twelve degrees to your right...
Be sure to call us from the curb when you get there, so we know you're safe.
No, that's all right, Dad. I'll stay for a little while longer.
Who?
Thank you!
From a psychological standpoint, it makes perfect sense. Slowly, over the years, your responsibilities have been taken away from you, and you, well, you feel symbolically castrated.
All right, all right. Well, maybe my rules are too rigid. Maybe I should try to relax a little.
You know, Dad, a lot of people confuse not being in charge with not being respected. I hope you're not making that mistake, because you command a great deal of respect. There's not a day in my life when I don't hold myself up to the Martin Crane yardstick. I guess a son always wants to make his father proud.
So...?
You know, I'm not sure I could have made Eddie go through with that operation, anyway. That's a tough thing for a guy to do to another guy.
You know what? It's getting kinda late. What do you say we go home and get some sleep?
Hello, Eddie. Good dog - oh, wet dog!
Dad! That's a hundred percent cashmere pull-over! It's meant to be worn with the collar up.
Well, that's it for today. Goodbye, and good listening.
Little off our game today, aren't we, Roz? Is something wrong?
Somebody you know this time?
Oh, Roz, don't be ridiculous. I care about you. If you have a problem, and I can help, I'd love to. Just keep the details on a need-to-know basis.
Uh, Roz, is this—?
Well, uh, Roz, do you love him?
There is no more emotionally charged phrase in the language than "I love you." Some people are just incapable of saying it, it makes them too vulnerable. My father, for instance, incapable of saying "I love you," even to me. But I know he does.
What is that supposed to mean?!
Very simple, Roz. Do you remember when I said that I cared about you and I'd like to help?
I take it back.
Yes, Niles, I used to have the same problem with my multiple personality patients. They always kept saying that the other one had sent the check!
Yes, it's time for Dad's annual ice-fishing trip to Lake Nomahegan.
How can we if you're taking all the pork rinds?
Dad, look, as much as I'd like to do something with you this weekend, I'm afraid ice fishing just isn't it. Oh, look, look, here's an idea! You know what, they're doing a revival of "The Iceman Cometh" playing downtown! Now, you see, we could catch a matinee, and then go out for sushi, and stay well within the same theme music, you know?
You, ice-fishing?
Niles, you get a runny nose watching figure skating on TV.
Yes, well, Niles, that's quite a gesture. But I mean, really, ice-fishing? In an arctic tundra where large men spit and it freezes in their beards?
Morning, Daphne.
Well, you're in a good mood.
I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I am staying.
Did he just say "I love you" to the dog?
Does he say that to Eddie a lot?
I'm sorry, Daphne, I’m just curious. I don't mean to sound maudlin, but, you know I can't remember Dad ever saying that to me.
Well, yes, but he says it to Eddie, you know he said it to Duke the other day on the phone...
And I'm not?
So you're suggesting that I go along and pretend I'm enjoying myself, doing something that gives me absolutely no pleasure at all, just to hear the words "I love you?"
You look like a skinny Elmer Fudd.
You know, Dad, maybe I was a little hasty...
Dad, you know, I feel kind of bad that I turned you down when you invited me...
How can I? I already said I didn't want to.
You know, guys, it's kind of a long trip. Are you sure you're up to the drive?
Oh, all right! Better than hearing you nag, nag, nag all the time! Fine, I'll go!
Well, I'm-I'm sorry, Dad. It's just that when you said Duke rented a cabin "on the lake," this is not what I had in mind.
Yes — a few degrees warmer, it'll be IN the lake.
Well, it's not that I'm complaining. It's just that I thought it would be something more... well, lake-adjacent. Are we actually going to sleep in here?
"Bed 'N Bass" — yes, one of the finer fish-themed hotels.
So, what do we do? We make a hole in the ice with this little corkscrew-thingy and then just start fishing?
Well, imagine my embarrassment.
What am I gonna sit on?
I'm not bored. I was simply wondering how long we've been sitting here enjoying ourselves.
Which, coincidentally, is the last time anyone caught a fish in it.
Oh, Alex, I'll take "Bodies of Water" for five hundred!
How would you like to be sleeping with them?!
Well, I'm sorry, it's just that my back hurts, I'm hungry, and I'm tired of sitting here trying to warm up one bun at a time in twenty-degree weather! That's negative six degrees Celsius, a system named after Anders Celsius, the famed Swedish astronomer and compulsive temperature-taker! Niles, switch!
I am not.
Oh my God, I don't even know why I'm here!
Oh fine, that's just what I need, a brisk five-mile hike through sub-freezing temperature.
Fine.
Oh, no. Where?
This is just dandy! By morning we'll be Stoafer's Frozen Entrées for wolves!
All right, mister, I don't trust you. Give me those right now.
Me? You throw like a girl!
Boy, I never thought I'd end up yearning for the Bed ‘N Bass. Niles?
My God, what was that?
One more fact, you're going in that hole!
OK, that's it!
All right, all right. Ooh, I know, there's a wonderful drinking song from "La Traviata" called, uh, "Libiamo Brindisi!"
No, it's from "La Traviata!"
Well, I'm still thirsty, Niles. Here, "Beam" me up.
Niles, do you mind if I ask you a personal question? What the hell are you doing here?
You know, this whole "Sergeant Niles of the Yukon" act. I mean, come on, it can't be all to impress Daphne—
Niles, in twenty years, I've never heard you comment on fish except to say that the sauce had separated.
You'll have to take that hat off.
You want him?
Well, Niles, I think you've made a connection. It just seems a little extreme though, you know? You probably could have accomplished the same thing if you'd just taken him to Captain Andy's Surf N’ Turf!
So you're having just a bad a time as I am!
Oh no. Don't be reaching for that scepter yet, son. Want to know the reason I came up here?
It was just to hear him say the words "I love you."
Yeah, well, you know — he said it to Duke, he said it to Eddie. He's never said it to me.
Oh yeah, of course I do. I'm being ridiculous, I know that. I mean, look at the guy! He's content just to sit here freezing his buns off because we're sitting here with him. It’s just I guess I just got a little obsessed about, you know, hearing it. Well, I mean, you know that Maris loves you, right? But it's still nice to hear it.
As they laugh the laugh of the damned.
We're leaving quite the urological crossword puzzle out there, aren't we?
Oh, nothing.
Well... all right, O.K. I was just explaining to Niles the reason why I drove all this way up here was to... I was hoping I'd hear you say the words, "I love you."
Okay, okay, forget about it.
Sure.
Haven't we been here that long?
Dad, that's exactly what we were saying.
Dad, you don't have to say it.
Dad, listen, you know you can say it. I mean, I heard you say it to Duke.
We’d take “ya.”
Thanks, Dad. I love you too.
I love you...
That's a wonderful idea, you're quite a sport.
And yet...
Just stop right there, Roz. I do not go out on blind dates. They're demeaning and a hideous waste of time. No, thank you, no.
Oh! What time should he pick her up?
Yes! That also goes for games with balls, domestic beer, and giant trucks that roll over smaller ones.
Hello, all. Niles, are you going to be spending the evening with us?
She wanted you out of the house, huh?
Oh, Dad, I have a proposal for you. Seems there's a woman in Roz's building who would like to go out with you. Roz says that she's got a wonderful personality.
Just hear me out. She likes sports, she likes beer...
Yes, but Duke won't kiss you good night at the end of the evening.
Maris has a fencing instructor?
He's Bavarian?
Am I?
Maris is learning German, huh? Just when you thought she couldn't get any cuddlier.
Dad! Dad! I have to talk to you about Niles. I got a call on the show today from a German woman whose husband is a fencing instructor who she suspects is having an affair with his wealthy new client.
Don't you find that the least bit incriminating?
Yes, but are they wealthy students?
Yes, well, in the midst of that slag heap of sarcasm, I suppose there may be a kernel of truth. I guess I could just be letting my imagination run away with me.
God, I remember how Niles used to love these models. Oh God, remember that Christmas Mom got him the "Visible Man and Woman?" He had to glue all of the internal organs in the right place.
Yes, well, Niles was getting on my nerves, so I had to go in and steal his ovaries.
Sorry I'm late, Roz.
Yes. He's not interested.
I'm sorry. I've had my quota of pity-dates.
Wow!
Gretchen!
I want her first!
Oh, just tell him to hang on and relax, we've all been there!
What makes you think there's something going on?
Nothing's going on.
All right, yes! But it's nobody you know. Her husband's a good friend of mine. Oh, how can I tell him, he'll be crushed.
I-I can't do that!
It's-it's not that easy, you don't know this woman! She doesn't deal with confrontation very well. I once questioned the political correctness of her serving veal. An hour later, we found her locked in the garage with the engine running on her golf cart!
"Mrs. Crane is in the box."
Maris? This is Frasier. I am tired of waiting for you to come out of this ridiculous deprivation tank. Now, listen. We've got to talk, we've got to talk about Niles.
Will you come out of there! Look, Maris... I know that you're having an affair. But I care for you both, and I want to help you do what's best for your marriage.
Oh, will you stop this! Just come out of this box! All right, all right! I'm going to open this door! I'm going to count to three and I don't care if you're naked! I'm going to count to ten! Oh, the hell with this! All right!
Niles... I'm so sorry. Marta, you said Mrs. Crane was in the box!
No, that's MISTER Crane!
You're right, Dad, and you know what? Maybe it's wise for us not to let on how worried we are. It'll only add to his anxiety.
Hello, Niles!
Yes, yes, yes. Oh God, you know, I'm all out of brandy. I have a marvelous sherry here, a couple of fine ports... oh, and this lovely new bottle of twelve-year-old unblended scotch. It's a little bit peaty—
Nothing? Well, when I left, you were about to storm up to Maris's bedroom and have it out with her.
Well, I'm glad you ended up here.
You know, Niles, Maris may have temporarily succumbed to Gunnar's Teutonic charms, but in the end I'm sure she'll choose the man who's intelligent and sensitive.
Yes, well, you know this has nothing to do with Gunnar and everything to do with you and Maris. Do you remember the advice you gave me when I was having my problems with Lilith? You said that I should talk to her and find out why she did what she did.
Yes, we did.
Oh. Oh, well, all right. I've only got half of them, though. Lilith got the rest in the divorce settlement.
Did I just hear Niles leave?
My God, Dad, how could you let him go? What if this Gunnar guy doesn't want to get straightened out? What if he wants to fight?
Niles...
Niles...
Niles, he wouldn't know the meaning of the word "dog," "cat," or "pencil!" He doesn't speak English, remember?!
Uh, habla alleman?
Apparently she worked for a German family that turned up in Guatemala... just after the war.
Niles, Niles, just wait!
Look at him! God, if he knew you were calling him "strudel boy," he'd be wiping his feet on your face!
Oh, all right. Senor Crane quiere que preguntas a Gunnar, uh, "Como se atrevez a robar mis zapatos!"
Oh yes, Niles, that's just what we need, a fourth language! Niles, you can't possibly fight this man!
Yes, oh, so what? The man was obviously born with a sword in his hand! He probably performed his own Caesarean!
Niles! Niles! Niles, my God, are you all right?
He says he wants you to apologize. He didn't steal... your shoes.
Yes, I'm sorry. Apparently I mistranslated. Look, he didn't mean, uh... not shoes, wife! No zapatos, esposa!
He couldn't help himself, Maris is irresistible. Irresistible?
O-kayy.
Oh, but she refused him.
Verdad?
Que decia?
"I love Niles."
Oh lord, if only I can do something to help Gunnar and Gretchen.
Ja, ja, uh... Tell him that his wife loves him very much. Uh, I mean, diga a Gunnar que su esposa le ama mucho.
No, no, not me! You, you! Marta, damn your pronoun problems!
All right, then, you hapless wretch!
Oh, Niles!
Ah, the self-pity special.
Who's winning?
Domestic?
Who?
Oh! Oh, Bebe's here! Oh, yes. Now, listen Niles, I care for her just as little as you do, but she is a terrific agent, which is why I overlook the fact that she's pushy and obnoxious and the most appalling phony I've ever known. Bebe, darling, how are you!
Well, you must have heard wrong, Bebe. They extended my contract for another year with an eight-percent raise.
Well, Bebe, that is what my contract calls for.
I thought it was a very generous offer.
Good lord, am I really that hot?
Listen Bebe, I realize that the station is making a handsome profit on my show, but what can I do? I do have a contract.
What?
Well, you know, I-I think I see where you're going with this, Bebe, and I’m not sure how I feel about it.
Who makes more?
Father Mike? He took a vow of poverty!
Bebe, this fever of mine... how much higher do you think it might go?
Well, what can I say but, uh... Ah-choo!
No, thank you.
My God, let's see, they've got Sky, Zena, and Slate.
Is this how you spend your days when I'm not at home?
Oh, you wouldn't want to miss a line of this dialogue. "Oh, Zirconia, can't you see Stone doesn't love you? He loves Placenta!"
Oh dear, Dad, if you're going to be so devilishly subtle, how will I ever get your point?
Yes, well, my words have doubled the station's ad revenues All they’ve shown me for thanks is a measly eight-percent raise!
Dad, you don't understand, this is show business—
Thank you, Daphne. You see, we do things differently. Negotiations are like a, are like a dance. They expect me to fight my contract. They know I'm not sick. I know they know I'm not sick. They know I know they know I'm not sick. It's all part of the negotiations mambo.
Roz, how goes things at the front?
Perfect!
No, Bebe told me they might do that. It's part of a negotiation tactic, it shows that they're getting nervous.
Roz, Roz, they're just trying to scare me.
Thank you, Dad! They're just bluffing, it's like a card game.
They're interviewing people?
Well, there's no need to panic, Roz. I'm sure it's all part of the dance.
Oh my God, they've cleaned out my cubicle? Listen, Mike, you're up on all the gossip — I mean, they're just bluffing, right?
Oh, Bebe, Bebe, have you heard what’s going on? They've cleaned out my cubicle, they're auditioning other people—
Well, no, no, but the stress of not worrying is starting to get to me. I don't know if I can take much more of this!
It might!
Eleven forty-five. Oh, God. It’s over. They’ve made the decision, it’s over. Well, it was a fun run while it lasted, eh, Seattle? This is Dr. Frasier Crane! And I was listening!
Oh, watching a loved one be autopsied?
Oh, you're right, Bebe, you're right! My God, if they're foolish enough to let me go, well then, fine! There are any number of other stations that would love to have Frasier Crane on board!
Yes. But you know, in fact, I think it's time maybe we discussed those other offers, consider what our fallback position should be.
Bebe... tell me there are other offers.
Now you look me in the eye and tell me the truth!
Oh my God!
You're supposed to bluff them, not me! My God, woman, are you trying to ruin me?!
Now don't you patronize me, you sweet-talking succubus! You get on the phone and call them!
Answer it.
ANSWER IT!
Well?
Oh! Oh, dear God! Oh, we did it! Oh my God, I'm so pleased. Thank you, Bebe.
Yes, oh, I’m so sorry, you're right, I underestimated you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for that horrible outburst and for grabbing you the way I did.
Champagne, on top of scotch? Oh, what the hell.
No, no — to a remarkable agent. What Bebe wants, Bebe gets. When will I ever learn that?
Oh God...
How do I look?
The station agreed to renegotiate.
Yes, they called around five to midnight... and Bebe and I had some champagne to celebrate, and then... and then... Oh, God.
Somebody hold me.
Well, I'm, I’m a little surprised myself.
We did?
Uh, you know what would really hit the spot right now?
Coffee! I meant coffee.
Oh no no no, that's not necessary—
Come on in, Niles, it's all right.
We were celebrating. You see, the station called to renegotiate my contract.
Oh, all right, just go ahead, get your shots in!
No, Dad, she’s—she's changing. Oh my God, how did this happen?
Oh, I've got to talk with her, I've got to tell her this was all just a mistake.
No, no, no, Dad, I can't tell her right now. She's about to go down there and renegotiate my contract. I'll tell her later.
Uh, Bebe—
Bebe, um, I don't think there are any words to describe what we shared last night...
You see, I- as magical as it was, I –I don't think it's the kind of thing we should let happen again.
Well, you see, I value you too much as a colleague to do anything that might jeopardize that relationship.
Oh, you're upset.
It is, it really is.
Oh, like you never crawled under the wrong fence once in your life!
Of course not, Niles. I'm still worried about Bebe.
Well, she did, but you know how it is with strong women. Sometimes their strength masks their vulnerability. Well, let's face it. Once a woman has dipped her toe into Crane Lake, dry land is never the same again.
You can make light of this if you want to, but it is entirely possible that I broke that woman's heart!
No one! Niles, be quiet!
Oh my God! This is all my fault!
What happened?
Bebe, it's Frasier. Please come in.
All right, I'm going out there.
No, Roz, why don't you toss a pumpkin out the window so I have a clear image just before I try?!
No, no! No, that woman out there needs me. Bebe, I'm coming out.
Bebe, please—
I'm not worth doing this over. Look, there'll be other men. It may take time, but you'll get over me.
What?
Are you out of your mind? Now listen, you're coming in, you're coming in right now!
God, you are out of your mind! You-you need help, you should be in therapy!
There are... hundreds of reasons! Work! Art! The people who care about you! Now come in, you crazy bitch!
What?
No!
Oh, God... Oh God... just get in.
Well... thank you, Tom. If I could just have a moment alone with Bebe?
What kind of a woman are you? You seduced me, you lied to me, you nearly got me killed! You've shamelessly manipulated not only me, but this station, the news media, and the entire city of Seattle! What do you have to say for yourself?!
Yes, I... suppose I am.
Not comping your check anymore?
You know, Orsini's used to be my favorite restaurant. You ever been there, Roz?
Hello, Niles. It's not really a good time for a visit, show starts in two minutes.
Yes, well, she'd have to be, wouldn't she?
Oh, Niles, guess what thriving Seattle night spot is closing its doors.
No, Niles. Orsini's is closing.
Thank you, Roz.
Thank you, Roz. Niles, tonight let's go to Orsini's for one glorious farewell dinner.
Great. Will Maris be joining us?
What has happened to this place?
Thank you. Over here, Daph.
Oh my God, I believe it is. You know, Otto is legendary here. He's been with them forever, he never writes a single thing down, he keeps it all in his head. Otto!
No, no. Wrong table. We would like menus, please.
Oh gee, Dad, for a moment there, I thought you were going to surprise me and order a glass of wine.
I'd order him the crab cocktail, but I'm afraid the irony would be lost on him.
Yes, alas. I'm afraid we've found one old relic who's time has come to be put out of his misery. Oh no, Otto, I didn't mean you.
No, no, leave it here.
I'll try to contain my amazement.
Excellent location. If they only had valet parking...
Knocked out these pillars...
You know, I've always dreamed of owning a four-star restaurant.
Of course, we'd need a new chef.
Of course, everyone knows that. The man's scongili is a cry for help.
I'm picking out china and sandblasting the wine cave!
With all due respect, Dad, we are not exactly neophytes in this field. We know food, we know wine...
True, Niles, but I've got something very special. I was thinking about this while Dad was talking.
“Maison Crane.” Oh, God, you're right, it's a little too obvious.
There isn't one. I've got it, Niles, I've got it! Le Freres Heureux.
Yes! We'll make the place very, very exclusive! No sign on the outside, no advertisements and oh, an unlisted number!
Never mind him. I believe, Niles. Do you believe?
Yes. I'd like the whole damn place! Right from the wine cellar to the rafters!
No, no, no, Niles. That is not a dank little corner next to the men's room. That is the “Enchanted Grotto.”
Yes, Chef Maurice has really outdone himself. The menu simply cannot be improved upon.
Mmm. Yes, yes. I want those cherries to be jubilant.
Daphne, Dad, everything all right here?
It's our chef's specialty. The man can do things with eels you just wouldn't believe!
Yes, well, sorry to disappoint you Dad, but the restaurant is a success. By tomorrow we'll be the toast of Seattle.
Niles, the Grotto? Oh, Bulldog, enjoy our finest table.
Um, Maurice? It's not to second-guess your creativity, but... I thought we agreed that we would serve the soufflés in individual cups.
Change on opening night? Good lord, no, no. Start pouring, man.
Dad, Daphne, if you’re almost finished, I can call for your car.
It was Otto, the waiter. Didn't have the heart to let him go, so... Hello, Otto?
Dr. Crane, Otto. Please bring up car forty-four, please. Thank you. Little innovation of mine. This way, your car will be waiting when you're finished.
First rule of the kitchen, Niles: remain calm.
NO, NO, NO! I told you individual cups, you oaf!
Are you out of your mind?! You told him what?
Simple. We’ll just make a battlefield promotion.
Any other names you'd like to drop?
You are our new head chef.
Oh, of course you can, Niles. My God, most of the meals are already started. Dad and Daphne can help us out. Otto, cancel car number forty-four.
It's Dr. Crane! It's always Dr. Crane, I'm the only one on here!
Dad, Daphne, we need your help, we've had a little disaster.
Will you...! The entire staff has walked out, it's a long story, but Daphne, I need you in the kitchen; and I need you behind the bar, Dad. You can gloat later.
Roz! Roz! Roz! Oh, Roz!
Brad, pleasure.
Oh, yes, yes.
Yes, I certainly have. But before you sit at it, there's something I want to discuss with you.
Oh, try to fool you...
Dad...
Listen, Niles is starting to panic in the kitchen. I don't know if we're going to be able to pull this thing off.
Well, maybe you're right. Maybe honesty is the best policy. Everyone? Excuse me. Ladies and gentlemen, I would just like to say...
Bon appetite! Gil! Gil, my God, what a surprise to see you. I thought you never reviewed opening night.
Oh, well, that's... We're so booked up I don't know if we can accommodate you.
Well, that was his old specialty. You really must try his new specialty: scrambled eggs. Eels it is.
ALL RIGHT, STOP IT! Get a grip. You're not being asked to do anything that none of us hasn't done before in our own kitchens in our own homes. Now quick, Niles, kill five eels!
I'm serious! Every restaurant critic in Seattle is out there and they all want anguille, so start killing eels!
How do I know? You're the chef. Throw a toaster in the damn tank for all I care!
Not to worry, Gil, the eels are on their way.
Our chef is in the process of...
...frying them now.
Niles, this veal piccata has to be veal marsala!
All right, fine. You flame them, I'll be out to serve them.
Niles, how are those eels coming?
Oh no, Niles! Take them out of the tank!
What was that?
Yes, fortunately we have a built-in safety delay for just this sort of thing. It gives you fifteen seconds before the sprinklers... ...kick in.
Right over there.
Good news! That was just a test!
Ladies and gentlemen, every restaurant has its little adjustment period. I'm sure someday you'll look back on this and remember it as an adventure!
Now for those of you who are leaving, please keep us in mind for your next special occasion. We plan many new and exciting innovations in the weeks to come.
Starting with our... our drive-through window.
Another question we should have asked ourselves before we entered the exciting world of food service.
Thanks.
You know, we could tell people he died in the explosion.
Well, Caroline, if you've been in therapy for two years and you're feeling like you're no longer making any progress, perhaps you've reached a plateau, or you and your therapist have simply gone as far as you can together.
Well, two years is certainly a long time to spend with a psychiatrist you find dry and long-winded.
Well, just consider me your mental banjo. Well, that's it for this fine Friday, Seattle. This is Frasier Crane saying, "we'll see you next week."
Oh, Roz. I've been waiting for this moment the entire week.
Roz, you have no idea how much I've been looking forward to this weekend. There comes a time when even the most conscientious of psychiatrists has had his fill of other people's problems.
Yes... that's all the clues we're going to give you.
A little offering from one of your suitors perhaps? A nice string of pearls? A teardrop pendant?
Well, on the right chain I can see that looking smart.
Oh, why didn't you go, Roz?
If I'd been there, the sound of a gunshot!
Oh, Roz, oh... There, there.
Oh, of course. I know.
Oh yes, the memories must be...
Listen, Roz. If what you're looking for is family fun tonight, why don't you come to my place? It's my Dad's birthday. I completely forgot about it last year and I'm going to make up for it this year. There's just one rule. No work, just a good time.
Roz, I insist. There's no one I enjoy partying with more than you and I just hate to see you like this. I Camembert it!
All right, it's someone's birthday! I hope you're all in the mood for a party. I know I am.
Oh, for heaven's sake, not again!
Okay, what is it this time?
Oh, stop this! You two are having the same argument all the time. You can just pick this up again tomorrow. Tonight we are going to have a party. Dad, I went down and got your favorite lemon cake. I also got some snacks and some champagne. Can we all just agree to try and have a little fun this evening? Now that is probably Roz. She's been very down this week and what she's in need of is a very happy and carefree environment. Frankly, I could use the same thing. Now can we just agree to maybe a truce?
Roz!
Listen, I have a very nice evening planned. Can we all just try to be civil?
Niles, what are you talking about?
Caroline was your patient?
Niles, I merely suggested that she consider a change.
NO, WAIT! Roz, where are you going?
We were just talking. That wasn't fighting. We were talking.
Well, I hope you're happy. You've ruined her evening.
Don't panic. There's certainly worse places we could all be in a blackout.
Oh my God, Roz!
Oh, Daphne, where are the hurricane lamps?
All right. Dad, why don't you light a fire?
I've found him!
All right.
Oh Roz, Roz! You’re all right.
People... people... SILENCE, ENFANTS!!! Now we can all sit here in the dark and be miserable or we can try to have some fun.
Well, Niles has voted. Who votes for fun?
Thank you, Daphne.
Well, there's no need to worry, ladies. The freezer will keep them cold for at least 24 hours.
You know what we need to do? We need to liven things up a little bit. How about a game? What was that game we played at the Rambican's when they were costuming the servants for the living chess match. It was... er... oh yes, I remember – "I'm the dullest person."
Well, that's got things shakin’. OK, come on, Dad.
What the game is – we all get pennies and we're supposed to try and get the other person's pennies.
All right now. If I was going to go I would say, "I am the dullest person because... I have never been on a rollercoaster." All right? And then all of you that have been on a rollercoaster would give me a penny. Now we all have our pennies. Who would like to go first? Daphne?
Of course you can. Just say the first thing that comes into your mind. I'm the dullest person because...
OK – that's good, but strategically speaking that's not the best way to get our pennies. You see it should be something that someone else might have actually... ...done.
All right, Dad. Get our pennies.
Good, Dad. That's getting into the spirit of it. All right, Niles. What's something you've never done?
Will you give it a rest!
Oh, Dad, Dad. You haven't even cut your cake yet. Where are you going?
Roz. Like to have a little cake?
That's on the license plate, isn't it? Roz – what's the real reason you didn't go to your reunion? You've always made it before.
I think we have time for one more caller.
Roz, you do have a great career.
Oh, yes – the cow haberdasher. You know, Roz – ten years ago KACL didn't have any women producers? You're a pioneer. You've won awards. You help people.
Maybe you're just looking for too much from your job. Start exploring other areas of your life. Interests. Maybe a serious relationship?
Exactly, Roz.
Daphne? Are you all right?
Oh, good.
Well, how much have you saved?
No, I was just thinking I must be paying you too much.
Could it be that, maybe, you like us? You know my Grandmother used to have a cat. A mangy old thing. Kept ruining the furniture and stuff. I asked her why she kept it and she said that maybe it was because she liked having another heartbeat around the house.
Of course you could, Daphne, but maybe that's not what's important to you right now. I think you like being part of a family. What's wrong with that?
They call me demanding, do they?
And now you've learned that I'm not?
Dad, you used to talk about going to Europe when your hip improves. Now you're saying you'll never get there? What's changed?
Listen, Dad. You can still travel. You can. You can't walk around Paris – you can sit at a nice café and let Paris walk past you. Maybe buy a glass of wine for a beautiful Mademoiselle. Get yourself a nice bottle imported beer.
In Paris, Ballantine's is imported beer. And you are the handsome american with the adorable accent.
Here, Niles. Let me take your coat.
Oh, Niles. You're being silly and irrational.
You're acting just like Dad.
You know you're not really mad at me, Niles. You know I didn't tell that woman to leave you. I merely suggested it as an option. It was all her choice. Could it be that you're really upset just because you couldn't help that woman?
I think I'm right.
Yes, I think I do. Niles, you're a perfectionist. As faults go that's not such a bad one to have.
What about our party?
No, no, no thank you. I'm not really in the mood anymore.
Excuse me! Just a second. I think maybe it's time for a little lesson about what it's like to live the life this particular party pooper. I spend the whole damn week ministering to the troubled and the neurotic and the sometimes just plain goofy. Then I hang up my earphones and it doesn't end there. Out on the street, at the café, even in this building – more people come up for help, more problems. I suppose they just think it's OK, it's what I do. But every time I try to help them it costs me a little piece of myself. A little bit here, a little bit there, a little bit here, a little bit there... until I end up feeling like a zebra carcass on the Serengeti surrounded by burping vultures! Well, this happened to be one of those weeks. I had my escape planned. I was going to come home for an evening of fun with my extended family. What do I get? I get the four of you going at each other like the Borgias on a bad day! So I roll up my sleeves, and I tend to each one of you. And you all feel better. And the minute you get a whiff of mesquite coming from down below, you are out the door without so much as a “thank you.” Well, thank you for the invitation, but I am, frankly, fed up with people and their problems. The Doctor is out.
Okay, apologies accepted!
No, no... look, I-I love you all. I really do. But what I want right now is to be left alone, right here, where no one needs anything from me.
Oh, for God's sake, Eddie. No, I'm not going to do it. No.
Oh my God! Fire!
Dad, wake up! Dad, are you in there?
Dad, where are you? Where’s the fire?
What's burning? Where's the fire?
Thank God!
I see. What have we here? Eddie, you've been smoking in Daphne's bedroom, bad dog!
Oh, it figures, 3 AM. Of course this would happen the night before I have an early morning meeting!
Daphne, aren't you going back to bed?
Anything you'd like to talk about?
Well, so long as you’re sure.
I really wish you'd tell me about it.
Really? You've been seeing a man?
Ah, I see. You're going through a bit of a drought, eh?
Yes well, I know how bleak these times can be. But believe me, they will come to an end sooner or later. I remember a time back in Boston when I was going through exactly what you're going through now. Just a week later I met a lovely barmaid – sophisticated, if a bit loquacious. We fell madly in love, we got engaged... Of course, she left me standing at the altar. But the point is, I didn't give up. I took my poor, battered heart and offered it to Lilith... Who put it in her little Cuisinart and hit the purée button! But, I rebounded! And look how far I've come... I'm divorced, lonely, and living with my father.
Oh no, I completely forgot.
I was up till all hours of the night with Daphne, competing to see which one of us had the most pathetic love life. On the bright side, I won.
She's just having trouble finding men.
No, Roz, Roz, it's really not necessary. You do not have to donate one of your boyfriends to Daphne.
But still, one hates to break up a collection.
No.
I don't think so.
A German narcissist; now there's an appealing combination.
Alright! Niles: you are completely out of line here. And Roz: he does have a point. You and Daphne are entirely different kinds of women. Whilst Daphne is very shy and inexperienced, you are more... well, a lot more... well, actually it's hard to find anyone who's more...
No, it's what I'm trying not to say, and you're not making it very easy.
Oh, Roz, please wait.
And this concludes our test of the emergency broadcast system. Had this been a real emergency, your radio would be melting in your hands. We'll be right back after these messages.
You're still mad at me, I can tell.
Look Roz, I'm sorry if I insulted you earlier. But the truth is, I feel very protective of Daphne. See, the kind of man I'm looking for has to be good-looking, smart, successful...
Yes?
Oh! Tom, hey, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm so sorry about missing the meeting this morning, I slept right through it.
Oh, thank you. Yes, I got this one in London at one of those custom shops just of off Sloane Square.
Really? I love London - the museums, the theatre...
I can imagine. Why did you?
Yes, I know the feeling! So, I take it then you're unattached?
Well, you may have come to the right place.
Yes. You say you're very fond of the English?
Really?
Likewise.
Uh, say Tom, this may sound like short notice, but if you're not busy Saturday, why don't you come round my place for dinner? Nothing fancy.
Great!
Hello Seattle, we're back. Roz, who do we have up next?
Hello James, I'm listening...
Will you please relax? Look, I told you, this is not a set- up. Tom doesn't even know you'll be here.
Just keep in mind, Tom is just a co-worker who's coming by for a pleasant little dinner. If some sparks should ignite, then fine, but there is no pressure, absolutely no pressure... is that what you're wearing?
Don't you have something with a little more oomph? Oh, what About that, that strapless number you have?
Well, thanks to my fraternity days, as a matter of fact I do!
Tom! Come on in.
Good to see you.
Oh my, that's my favorite. So, what do you think of this place?
It's even better from the bedroom.
Oh, just my little household: my father and his charming physical therapist, Daphne.
Oh, not at all. Except when I bring my dates home, he tries to steal them.
He's quite the old rascal!
Well, look who we have here. Tom, I'd like you to meet Daphne. Daphne this is Tom Duran.
Oh, sorry.
Yes well, Daphne feels she possesses psychic powers - you know those English eccentrics.
No, no.
Quite something, isn't she?
Tom, this is my father, Martin Crane.
And amazingly he's free for dinner on short notice. Why don't I just open some of this wonderful wine?
Well?
Yes, you've made quite an impression on him too. He thinks you're great!
Here we are, Tom. Dad, I took the liberty of selecting an amusing little vintage for you too. Sorry, I didn't bring the pull-tab so you could sniff it.
Oh yes, thank you, well don't let me keep you.
As a matter of fact, I'm introducing a man to Daphne.
Now Niles, I didn't ask Tom to dinner so he could talk with you all night in the kitchen. There are others who would like to have a crack at him!
Daphne, I think a little after dinner music would be appropriate.
She's, er, quite a woman, isn't she?
Yes?
Oh, I think I can arrange that.
Daphne!
He says he wants to be alone with you!
Yes!
Okay.
Thanks, dad.
And Niles, isn't it time you were running along too?
Good.
Yes, what is it?
Damn that Roz!
Me? That's impossible, Tom's not gay!
Well, what on earth could have made him think I was interested in him? All I did was ask him if he was attached, and then we talked about the theatre and men's fashions... Oh my God! Niles, do you realise what this means?
Yes, but he... he just never mentioned the fact he...
So... God, I hate this song.
Yes, well, I've sort of relaxed my rule for you too.
I must be downright adorable now then. Listen Tom, I'm sorry, but we seem to have gotten our lines crossed here. The truth is I'm entirely straight.
Oh no, it's true, I really am. I just invited you to dinner because you seemed so charming and you were so fond of the British, I thought you might be the perfect man for Daphne.
Don't take this wrong, but it never even occurred to me you might be gay.
Thank you. Geez, Tom, I feel just awful. Seems I've just been leading you on all night.
Yes, but I've been pouring you drinks, building up your hopes, making you think you might have found a man sophisticated and sensitive enough to help you...
Yes, of course.
For the rest of my days.
No, no, dad's not gay.
No, I'm afraid not.
Well, the jury's still out on that one.
Maggie, the first thing you have to do is sit Gavin down for a nice long conversation. A frank and honest discussion, tell him that though he wants to go at one speed you need to go at another. Tell him you're not rejecting him and that you're fond of him but if he doesn't give you some breathing room... you know, suddenly I wonder what Roz, my non-PhD holding producer thinks you should do?
And that takes us to commercial. This, for those of you that may have forgotten, is the "Dr. Frasier Crane Show!"
Oh!
Oh wonderful, another card. Of course, I, as resident wit here, will have to think of something clever to say. Well, at least I've got another gala KACL birthday bash to look forward to. I can just taste that frozen Sara Lee cake right now, whilst, on applause, a full-grown adult snuffs out a handful of tiny candles!
Oh nothing, nothing.
Yes, the pageantry never stops.
It's not my fault it broke down.
Finally a thought to raise all our spirits!
Yes, Niles! That's why on humid farms, the calf is the most made-fun-of of all the animals!
Well, don't panic, it may just be false labor.
Niles!
Dad, we'll never make it in this traffic. I think we better pull over.
Niles!
All right, there's no reason for you to be concerned. You're in the presence of two trained medical professionals. Niles, help the woman.
No, Niles! The other door.
Are you feeling faint or out of breath?
Get a hold of yourself, Niles!
Oh, Niles get out of there. I'll help her.
If it does come, I'll be here to catch it. Now listen, just continue with your breathing. Now, I don't want you feeling guilty for having your baby in a cab. No, there's nothing to be ashamed of. I'm sure many great Americans have been born this way. Cab Calloway comes to mind. My particular area of medicine is psychiatry and I like to specialize in the head, you know, not the lower portion of the body - it's much less messy that way. Not that your lower half is messy at all, it's quite beautiful... not that I'm looking! It's hurting a bit?
Yes, Niles ran down to a falafel stand for a pot of hot water.
The miracle of birth summed up in one poetic phrase.
Oh yes, of course. I remember the very first time I held him in my arms as a newborn. And it was as if everything in the universe simply melted away. There was just a father, a son and the distant sound of Lilith saying, "If you ever come near me again, Frasier, I'll drop you with a deer rifle."
Night, Dad.
I wonder how many more people she's got in there with her. Sherry, Niles?
You seem awfully reflective, is something on your mind?
Ah.
Well, it's perfectly natural to have parental stirrings around at your age.
Have you talked this over with Maris?
Well, Niles, no-one's ever really sure. You know, in schools these days, teenagers who are thinking about becoming parents are given a ten-pound sack of flour to keep with them for a week as though it were a baby.
No, no, no, they hold it, they care for it, they never let it out of their sight. It gives them a very good idea of the cost and responsibility of being a parent.
Well, I wasn't actually suggesting.
In the kitchen.
The cabinet next to the sink.
No Niles, that's the sugar. If we're going to do this, we're going to do it right.
Now, here is the flour. Bleached, one hundred percent fat free, best when kept in an airtight container. It seems this one's taking after its mother.
Hello, Niles.
Mais oui.
I see you're still continuing with our little baby experiment.
Niles, I can't help noticing that your child has a little boo-boo.
What young parent doesn't tell that story?
What did Guy do?
Guy.
Oh, who cares?
Well, actually... No.
Clarence?
Oh, down at the station, Clarence, oh yes, good. I didn't know he was sick.
You mean that wasn't a birthday card?
Oh my God, I thought it was his birthday. I wrote, "Dear Clarence, you're not getting older, you're just getting closer to death"!
I don't know, I guess I just didn't recognise the traditional card for a man in an advanced state of kidney failure was a giant pink bunny rabbit. Do you think he's read it yet?
I'm going to look like a callous fool. We've gotta get back down there and get that card back.
Oh, Niles! I don't have time to stand here and listen to your insanity, I have to go and steal a get-well card from a kidney patient!
No, no, it's "get." "Get well soon, love Andrea." Just copy it down, move onto the next name.
We'll have to transfer all the old names from this card onto the new card, as quickly as possible, I want to get it back there tonight.
I did not sneak in! Luckily, the man was in extreme pain and heavily sedated.
Yes, well as soon as we're done with this, why don't we invite all the commoners over to drive me down to the town square and give me a good stoning! That must be Niles. He's going to take me down to the hospital.
Hello Niles.
And?
Niles! What has happened to your child?
He caught on fire?
So Niles, any closer to making a decision about fatherhood?
Oh, dear.
Eddie.
Well, Niles, I'm finished with this now, if you're ready to take me to the hospital.
What do you mean?
Why do you say that?
Niles, it's only selfish when people have babies for the wrong reasons. I think more people should do what you did and find out if they're really ready. Look, just because you feel this way now doesn't mean things can't change a few years down the line.
Ooh, I suspect they're only a few degrees away from that now.
Beats me. Some guy down at the station.
You see, the others at the station, they just don't know you the way I do. Yes, well you get yourself well and get right back there. I miss seeing you every time I walk by the.... place you tend to be. Niles.
Niles. Niles, what are you doing?
Niles...
Flammable!
How funny running into you, and this must be...
Oh, I think so. Ready to go?
Thank you for your call, Lorraine. And now, before we break for a commercial, Roz has an important message. Roz?
What's that, Roz? Can't come to the mike right now? Well, what she wanted to say was...
Tomorrow, on Amber Edwards's "Book Chat," sociologist Lamont Myman discusses his book, "Violence in the Workplace: Why Co-Workers Kill." Something which becomes more relevant With each passing moment. We'll be right back after these messages.
Roz!
One might ask the same question of you. Isn't it customary to wait until the show comes to a complete stop before exiting?
What is the matter with you?
Now, Roz. Come on, come on, Roz, come on. Look, I'm doing this for your own good.
Be sure to save what's left, maybe you can make some wine.
Hmm?
I'm not giving you anything. I told you I'm not interested.
Niles, why is it so important to you? You and Maris are already wallowing in money like a couple of yuppie hogs.
And mine!
Twelve percent?
Okay, okay. I'm in.
My, I can taste that scampi now.
Well, Daphne, very nice.
No, thank YOU.
Well, Daphne, sexual mores being what they are in America, the third date is usually the place where two healthy adults decide whether or not to... take it to the next level.
In every sense of the word!
Good one, Dad!
This is fantastic! What say we go celebrate with a nice dinner at an exclusive boite?
Charise?
Alsace?
Papillion?
We've run out of boites.
How do we live?
Well, we're trying to find some place to eat.
At Duke's?
With you?
No. No one in the family's ever been invited to Duke's.
I wonder why now, after thirty years, he's suddenly inviting us down there.
Daphne, Daphne. Has Dad said anything to you about us and Duke's? Has he been planning this?
In other words, us.
You know, for a lay person, she has a way of cuttin' right through the crap, doesn't she?
Oh, look, there he is, there he is! Oh, look at him, holding court. No wonder he likes it down here so much, they're all hanging on his every word.
It's like hearing a recording of myself.
Aw, Dad.
Two more!
Yes, he's examined the contract. Our checks have cleared. I even talked to the general partner, he says there's no way they're willing to even consider moving the site. The deal's going through.
I doubt that, Niles. They already tore down Seattle's first Pony Express office to build this place.
Oh!
Well, Niles, there's nothing we can do about it, really. You know, look at it this way: we're actually doing Dad a service, stopping him from going out and drinking. And the other policemen as well. Maybe we're even performing a community service. Men with guns will have one less place to go and liquor up.
Thank you, Roz, for that purely theoretical example. Fact is, I happen to agree with you. Niles, if we tell him now, it will only hurt him. We've got to keep this quiet.
Of course it can be done!
Niles, you're forgetting: I married Lilith, I can live with anything.
You buy into an investment GROUP, Eddie, you don't know!
Oh, hi, Dad. What are you doing up?
You need a woman, Dad.
Dad, Niles and I are investors in the company that's tearing down Duke's.
We didn't know! When we found out, we tried to get out of it, but we couldn't.
Oh, geez, yell at me Dad, will you please? Just hit me or something, hit me with your cane. Just don't stand there.
I have an alibi for that one.
Dad, it's not like I did this on purpose, I'm part of a huge investment group.
Well, what did you want us to say? "Say fellas, here's something ironic..."
I don't know. I guess... I guess maybe it was because when you invited me down to Duke's, it felt like we were finally getting closer. It was a momentous step.
Not to me! It was validation. Finally I was one of the guys you wanted to hang out with. I, I didn't want to spoil that.
Well, you're probably right. Anyway, I'm sorry.
What do you mean?
You know, I was actually having a pretty good time down there at Duke's. Until I found out I was the one responsible for obliterating it from the face of the planet.
Thanks, Dad.
Do you mind, Dad? It's driving me crazy, it looks like hell.
To Duke's?
Now?
You and me? Us, together?
Yeah, yeah, all right, great!
I'll meet you right back here in a minute.
Oh, good evening, Daphne. Or should I say, good morning?
How was your... date with Derek?
Apparently, in England, it's the fourth date.
Yeah.
You want another beer, Dad?
Yeah, I know what it is to have a neighborhood bar. I remember the last time I walked out of my old watering hole back in Boston. A strangely emotional day.
You know, Dad, just because you're saying goodbye to this place, doesn't mean you can't see your buddies just as much as you always did.
Yeah, you're right.
Niles, you don't have to do that. I've had a discussion with Dad, he forgives us.
Look at this! My so called "wind proof" umbrella.
I might as well use one of those little paper ones they put in Polynesian drinks!
Fine, just tell me the date.
Pass.
Yes.
Don't look at me that way.
Roz, I have as much sympathy for sick people as you do, which is why I said yes when they asked me to appear last year. I bought an Armani tuxedo, spent a week working on my speech, postponed a trip to go see Frederick; then on the morning the dinner they called me, told me they didn't need me because their first choice had become available: the irrepressible Kathie Lee Gifford!
This is not about spite. This is about dignity. Dignity is a rare and fragile thing. Any other requests?
Oh, I'll do that.
A scholarship is involved!
Good Afternoon, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780. Well, it's another gray, depressing day here in the Emerald City. Here's hoping we can brighten up your afternoon. We hold it our personal duty to banish your rainy day blues. But first a message from our sponsors. "Death is inevitable.”
"But it's especially painful when it claims a beloved family pet. If you've lost, or are planning to lose, a cherished dog, cat or bird, let Pet Paradise console you with a tasteful Plexiglas memorial bearing the likeness of your departed friend. Pet Paradise - ‘though your pet may be small, your loss is great.’” Who's our first caller, Roz?
Hello, Edna, I'm listening.
Edna, I'm a psychiatrist, I can sense where this is going. Now, even the most interesting of lives can become routine. What you need to do is shake up your world, find a new boyfriend, a new job, a new city even.
Certainly there are far easier places to cheer up than this dreary, soggy old city of ours.
Very eloquently put, Edna. Thank you for your call.
Speaking of vermin... "When that special rat of yours turns his little toes up for the last time, don't forget your friends at Pet Paradise. Pet Paradise – ‘when a shoe box isn't enough.’”
Another radiant morning! Morning, dad. Do I drive to work today or just hail a passing gondola?!
There, that ought to do it!
How witty!
Give me that! "Yesterday, I heard him advise an unhappy young woman that she could magically cure her depression simply by leaving Seattle. I know it would cure my depression if the Seattle-hating Dr. Crane would take his own advice and leave town as soon as possible!" It's just ludicrous, I never said any such thing!
Well, that was just one of several suggestions I made. He took that completely out of context.
What for?
In case you haven't noticed, Dad, it does get a little damp around here! For God's sake, the state flower is Mildew!
You know, Dad, to you, everything is like a woman. A fast car is like a woman, a romantic song is like a woman, good meatloaf is like a woman. Well, a city is not like a woman, it's like a city and I am not apologizing to this one. Even if you won't understand that, Seattle does! And Seattle loves Frasier Crane!
Hello, Father Mike.
Don't tell me, was that a complaint about this rain business?
Oh, well, forgive me. From now on I'll stick to subjects like suicide and birth control, stay away from the controversial stuff like weather!
You know, I'd be the first to apologize if I said anything wrong but I didn't.
Yes, well, just take messages from all those people – I don't want to talk to them.
You're certainly the most cheerful I've met today! Alas, we're out of time. I'd like to just say, as I've been saying for the last three hours, it was not my intent to cause anyone offense but since it seems obvious that I have, I would like to say this: I apologize. I do not find Seattle a depressing place to live. It would take more than clouds to obscure the beauty of her landscape and more than drizzle to dampen the warmth and good fellowship that makes Seattle the only place in this bad old world that I care to call home. Till Monday then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, signing off.
Good grief! Never in my life have I heard from such a bunch of whiny, provincial crybabies. I swear to God, this entire city has lost it's tiny, rain-addled mind!
Thank you, Roz.
They have.
One of my listeners recognized me on the street, he pulled it backwards through a chain link fence! You would not believe the hostility I've encountered. Even at the Café Nervosa, my sanctuary, I thought they were trying out the new cappuccino maker - I turned and saw three tables hissing at me!
Oh, no, they've got my home number now?!
Just answer it, for God's sake!
Is anyone expecting visitors? Well, I suggest we all remain very, very quiet.
Roz, what are you doing out on this ungodly night?
Suspend me? Well, what's he going to put in my timeslot?
I don't know how I'm ever going to smooth this over. The entire city is out to lynch me.
Oh, well, we can't afford to lose a demographic as large as that!
After the way they treated me last year?
Oh, Dad, just stay out of this!
I did take your advice, I apologized.
You really think it's a good idea, Niles?
Oh, what the hell. Tell them I'll emcee. You know, better yet, tell them I'll take a whole table at the banquet.
Eight hundred...?
I've put myself in such a precarious position, I've got to choose my material very carefully.
No, Niles, you don't!
I'm sure the nuns would just love that. Why don't I call Bulldog and ask him for a couple of limericks from his Nantucket series?! I'll just call Father Mike, I'm sure he knows a couple of inoffensive jokes.
Hello? Yes, well, you know, I don't care how you feel! I want to use the phone right now! Daphne, your grandmother's hip was out again.
Oh, no, no, of course not, I wouldn't dream of it.
Really?
Yes, yes, they're the reason I look so handsome and confident.
Oh, well, we're waiting for Bishop Cologie, he's supposed to be introducing me.
Right.
Yes, well, I'll do that just as soon as I find a men's room.
Not for long, I won't. I'll be right back.
Thank you, Father Mike. Thank you very much. I can't tell you what a honor it is to be here this evening. I expected the Bishop to introduce me but I'm sure he'll drift in eventually.
You know, it's a real comfort to see so many priests out there in the audience. These days I don't dare speak in public without someone standing by who can perform the last rites. Whoa! Very religious crowd, I see. I can tell because of the vow of silence! I hope you've got some holy water standing by there, father, I'm dying here. And speaking of water! That reminds me of a little story. A Rabbi, a Minister and a Priest, are all sitting at the bar on the Titanic...
Oh, well, I heard the story with a priest, but what the heck, a bishop's even funnier. Thank you, Sister. Okay, then, a Rabbi, a Minister and a Bishop are all sitting at the bar when the Purser rushes in to give them the horrible news.
Hey, look, are you telling this story or am I?!
Come on, lady, I work alone! All right, hey, thank you.
All right, anyway, so the Purser rushes in to give them the horrible news about the boat. So, the Rabbi gets up and says, "My God, my people will need me." The Minister's about to leave when the Priest said - oops, oh, sorry - the Bishop says, "Sit down, relax, have another drink. I'm sure that the Rabbi can handle it.” And the Minister says, "My God, man! How can you abandon your flock when we've just hit an iceberg?!" And the Bishop says, "An iceberg?! I thought he said we had no ice aboard!"
Hello? Is this thing on? Whoa! Bomb-o!
Dad... how did this happen?
This is appalling. Those people are exploiting you.
You don't need guns, you've got kidney pie. Hello? It's Duke.
I couldn't possibly, Niles. I'm too upset.
Niles.
I saw it. I don't know which is worse - seeing his butt, or what it stands for. I just can't believe that our father is actually endorsing that self-serving fearmonger.
Us? We haven't done anything.
Edmund Burke.
What are you suggesting?
Well, of course I intend to vote for Patterson.
Niles, listen. I'd really love to help, but surely you must realize that as a radio psychiatrist, I can't take a chance of alienating my listeners. The people that need my help might be reluctant to call in if they knew my political views.
Thank you for your call, Susan. We'll be right back after this message.
It's better than having you here!
Oh, I wouldn't be concerned if I were you, Roz. What are the chances of finding you there alone?
Okay, Bulldog.
That's good. Because with your tax program, that's where they'll be sleeping! Welcome back, Seattle. We'll be back for just one more phone call after this news break. And then next up, Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe- and the Gonzo Sports Show. I've asked you not to do that!
Forget it, Roz. He's happily married.
There's a bumper sticker.
Oh, really? Well, put him on. I welcome contrasting viewpoints. Hello, Seattle, we're back. Roz, who do we have on the line?
Divorced.
Well, actually, I have congenitally weak ankles, it's a family problem.
On a surfboard, I suppose?
All right, you've said your piece, now you're gonna listen to mine! Hang up on me, will you?! Well, all right, even though you may not be listening, the people of Seattle are gonna hear what I have to say!
Oh, hello there. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. Many of you know me from my radio show, but today I'm speaking to you as a concerned citizen. As a mental health expert, I've been listening to what my good friend Phil Patterson has to say. I like the way his mind works. He's a visionary, and he cares about the little people. That's why I'm proud to say that I'm behind Phil Patterson for Congress.
Phil Patterson: the sane choice.
Oh, Daphne... I thought we agreed you'd keep him out of here for two hours.
Dad!
My father did a commercial for your opponent.
Say, Phil, it's getting a little hot in here. You want to step out on to the balcony with me, get a little fresh air?
Thank you. Yes, you know, I feel very lucky living here. I'd like to say I feel lucky to be a part of your campaign as well.
Oh, I don't know if my name carries that much weight.
Really? What for?
Listen, Phil, as a psychiatrist, anything you tell me will be kept in the strictest confidence.
You know, it's funny how the more you bottle things up inside, the bigger they seem to be.
Aliens?
No...
As a mental health expert, I've been listening to what my good friend Phil Patterson has to say. I like the way his mind works. He's a visionary, and he cares about... ...the little people.
That's why I'm proud to say that I'm behind Phil Patterson for Congress.
Oh God, Niles! I've got something I'd really like to get off my chest. But if I told you I'd be violating a doctor-patient confidence.
Well, it's borderline, but I'm desperate!
Just now, on the balcony, Phil Patterson told me that he had been... abducted by aliens. Apparently, he was beamed up to the mother ship, for a little interplanetary chitchat!
Niles, this is incredible. It's just awful. We're gonna look like such idiots!
My idea?!
Oh my God, Niles, stop it! This isn't getting us anywhere!
Well, I think we have to convince Phil to drop out of the race and seek professional help.
Forget it, Niles!
Are you saying I should still back Phil?
At the moment, I'm not sure there's intelligent life in this kitchen!
Well, it's only happened the one time.
Which might suggest that it was an isolated incident brought on by overwork rather than a pattern of paranoid delusion.
Phil has worked hard.
He deserves his chance.
He's still gotta seek professional help.
No, damn it, we are not. So, will you treat him?
Dating a snorer?
Oh, I can see how that would be annoying.
What, one of your overpaid idols passed his urine test?
Oh, my God!
How did they find out?
Isn't that just like the media? The day before the election they find one tiny flaw in a man and they try to ruin his career! Well, you know what? I have my own conduit to the public's ear. I'm not letting Phil go down without a fight!
Hello, Seattle. I'm back. This is Dr. Frasier Crane and I have just learned during the commercial break that it has become public knowledge that Phil Patterson, candidate for Congress, believes in aliens from outer space.
Not only does he believe in them, he believes he has met with them. That he was beamed aboard their spaceship for a little interplanetary tête-à-tête. Shocked? Well, all right. But I say, let's ask ourselves these questions. Has this...
...harmless delusion, most likely brought on by overwork and sleep deprivation, adversely affected his voting record in any way? I ask you, and I say no. What great leader doesn't have his quirks? Ronald Reagan saw an astrologist. General Patton believed in reincarnation. Even J. Edgar Hoover let his slip show once in a while!
People, we're talking about a great leader here! We shouldn't concern ourselves with these minor eccentricities. What's important - what really counts - is what's in here... I'm pointing at my chest now.
Those Guatemalans were exchange students! Phil was giving them free room and board as a goodwill gesture between countries.
No, thank you. Stupid, stupid, stupid! When will I learn it hurts when I do that?
Oh, Phil. Come on in.
Yes, well, I saw you wearing it on television when you made your concession speech.
Phil, I am so sorry about the misunderstanding...
The people of Seattle deserve something better than Holden Thorpe.
You really think you can?
Phil? I've gotta ask you... do you really believe it happened?
So, what's next for you?
Anything's possible...
Oh, very funny, Chopper Dave!
Hi, we're back. Roz tells me we have Chester on the line. Hello, Chester. How can I help you?
Spinning your wheels?
Chester, I'm afraid this problem might be just a little too complex for the few seconds we have remaining. Uh, why don't you try to call us back tomorrow, I'll make sure that you get on first thing.
Well, I'll tell you what, hang tight and when I get off the air I'll pick up and try to help you then.
O.K., everybody, I've got to scoot. Bulldog's up next after the news with the Gonzo Sports Show. Today's topic: What's wrong with our Seattle Mariners? If you haven't had a chance to voice your opinion on that in the last eighteen years, you'll want to today! So long, all.
Well, Roz, that was a pretty good show!
Well, what are you reading so intently?
Oh, let me see.
Oh, you heard him, he can wait.
Oh.
Cool! Oh, my. Who is this fresh angel? Madeline Marshall, #47.
God, she's a stunning woman. "Single, patron of the arts, MBA at Stanford" - well, if you have to go to school on the West Coast. Oh, oh, oh, and what she looks for most in a man: "someone who knows how to... listen." Roz, I'm in love!
Oh yeah, right.
I couldn't just call her out of the blue! She doesn't even know who I am!
Yes, well then why am I not in this magazine?
Oh, no, no!
Bulldog.
Thank you, Bulldog, you've just put me off salads for a month.
Well, no, no, I found her attractive, and Roz insisted on calling her.
She's wearing a business suit.
Oh, all right. "Once more unto the breach." Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I know we've never met, but you know, from everything I know about you, you just seem like the most fascinating person. I was just wondering if — well, why don't I just come out and say it? Would you be so good as to have dinner with me tonight? Oh well, well, that's very gracious of you to accept, Chester, but I didn't mean you. Roz, you could have told me Madeline was on line two!
Damn it! Eddie, I know you took the socks that go with this suit. Now where are they?
Brown socks with a blue suit? I think not, try again. Thank you.
Madeline Marshall. She has her own sportswear concern, and according to "Seattle" magazine, she is the forty-seventh hottest person in Seattle.
Yes, well, I'm off! You know, I have a good feeling about tonight. I have a song in my heart, a little dance in my step, and dog saliva around my ankles!
All right, silence! Silence! Both of you just try to calm down. I'll see what I can do. Monsieur Degas, you are angry now. That is a temporary emotion. You are devastated because you think the bond between a father and a daughter has been broken. She is no longer your little girl. But that's not possible. That bond cannot be broken — not even by that young man cowering there in the corner who is so obviously the father.
Niles, what are you doing?
Where? Dad, I thought I asked you to smoke those things out on the balcony.
Fine, all right. Maybe an errant ash will flick off and ignite your easy chair.
Madeline and I are going to Bora Bora tomorrow.
Just about an hour ago, when Madeline came down to the station. We got caught up in a moment of passion, before I know it I'm going halfway around the world with a woman I hardly even know! It just isn't like me, I guess I'm getting caught up in the romance.
Yes, well, to the untrained eye, yes, but what if we hate each other? End up being stuck together for a week!
Even worse! If it goes perfectly, then it means we'll start talking about a serious commitment, then living together and then marriage, and...
Like fireworks.
Dad, you're a ghoul.
Yes, well, your corpse-strewn romance notwithstanding, I still feel just a little bit skittish about this whole thing.
Well, that is true.
Oh, all right, I'll do it!
O.K., but don't think I don't know that you're mostly excited just to get me out of the house for a week!
I just opened up the pages of "Seattle" magazine, and there she was...
So off I flew to Bora Bora, and did I receive the shock of my life...
Oh yeah, oh yeah. Oh yeah... oh, it's never been like this before, never! Nothing — damn her, she can give as good as she gets! Oh yeah, oh yeah! Oh, oh, mama! Oh God, you are so hot! I am burning up! Oh, that's it, that's it! Yes! Yes!
Oh my God, yes! Keep it up, baby! You're killing me! Oh God, you're an animal! YES, YES!
Well, before we go to our "Eye in the Sky" Chopper Dave for the traffic report, I would like to send this confidential message to Madeline M. Madeline, I'm sure your gentleman would love an opportunity to explain his behavior, but you left the island before he had a chance, and, um, you won't return his calls or answer the notes he's sent. We all know how hard it is to find love in this world, what a tragedy it is to let it slip through our fingers. I think he really cares about you. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, we'll be back in a moment.
You really think she'll call?
Thank you, Roz.
Well, it's not too bad. I guess they had to charge me for the whole week.
Twenty-five hundred dollars for bamboo?!
Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Roz, whom do we have next?
Hello, Vic. I'm listening.
Oh, just relax, Vic — "I'm listening."
Oh, uh-uh, Vic, uh, something's come up in the booth, just- you know, I'll have to turn you over to my very capable producer.
Madeline, Madeline, hi! Oh, thanks for calling. Oh, no, no, it's OK, it's OK, I'm off the air right now.
Morning, all. What's all this?
Oh. Is that coffee cake I smell?
Oh, the new station manager's taking over today. She wanted to meet with all of us.
Yes, why?
That's absurd. If I had trouble taking orders from a woman, Frederick would never have been conceived!
Morning, Niles.
Oh, for heaven's sake, Niles, you don't even know how to pack a lunch.
Now, look, there's no reason for us to give in to our insecurities. We all do good, solid shows. We hardly even know this woman, and already we're painting her as a heartless Medusa!
Father Mike, are you all right?
I'm so sorry.
Kate, what a pleasure.
Really? Well, thank you very much! I like to think of my show as a haven for the tempest-tossed in the maelstrom everyday life.
How to improve my show? That is a tall order. Uh... oh, wait, you know, I was thinking of playing classical music before my intros. Let's say, perhaps, uh, Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra in D Minor.
Are you sure?
Wonderful. You know, I hate to nitpick, but I was certain that concerto's in D. I was a music minor at Harvard.
Of course. Uh, Kate, you know, that advertising thing. It's a very good idea. But that-these theme shows, uh, it's a less good idea. You might even say a worse idea.
Well, uh, I am a doctor, and I'd hate to have the serious work I do be tainted by commercialism.
Well, I don't want to be entirely uncooperative. It's just that, well, you know, I've been in the radio game for some time now, and I think I've learned enough about broadcasting, as they say, to know what it is that makes my show a good show. My God, you've won six Golden Mike awards?
That's called pandering!
Well, what exactly do you expect me to do? Say to a caller, "Listen, Bob, I'm sorry you lost your job, but unemployment's a snore! Why don't you go sleep with your best friend's wife and call in on Monday when it'll be Infidelity Day on the Frasier Crane Show!"
Well, you know, I'd rather stay local if going national means sucking at the sump-pump of sensationalism!
Listen, lady, I'm not changing my show. Unless you're willing to explain to the owners why you fired one of your highest- rated hosts, well then there's nothing you can do about it, is there?
Well, we're coming up on 3 A.M.
Well, I hate to cut short this enthralling symposium, but perhaps we could hear from some non-bakers for a change?
Oh, thank God. Stay tuned for the news, weather, and sports. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, yadda-yadda-yadda, bye.
Really stunk up the airwaves with that one, didn't we?
Well, for starters, you at Le Ralee. It's a two-week wait.
Don't worry, Roz, we will she just moved us to break our spirit.
Oh, hello.
As a matter of fact, I found it invigorating! Didn't you, Roz? Remember that woman who called in, uh, you know, with the delusions of grandeur? Couldn't understand why nobody liked her.
Oh yes, respect is important. So is self-respect.
Yes, but those people are usually rigid little demagogues who don't know the difference between the kind of respect that is earned and the kind of respect that is irrespective ...of what others expect.
I think I made myself clear.
Good luck!
Steady, Roz. She may have been able to intimidate people in other situations, but here at KACL she'll find that we are not a bunch of spineless twits!
Oh, for God's sake, I am trying to get some sleep! I asked you to keep that dog quiet, and instead you outfit him with a megaphone! In the last thirty-six hours I haven't had so much as a nap, and I've got to be back at the station by 2 A.M. Eddie, listen carefully. By the time this day is up, one of us is going to sleep.
DON'T! I've had my share of women's opinions for the week, between the station's new Reichschancellor and Roz's incessant whining! As far as I'm concerned, your entire sex can put a sock in it!
Damn it!
What the hell was that?! Was that a gunshot?!
"Just getting up?!" Are you out of your mind?! A gun just went off in here!
Oh, I'm sorry, was I snippy? I didn't realize it was too much to ask that there not be GUNPLAY IN MY LIVING ROOM!
Just relax. It won't be long before my loyal fans protest, and the afternoon slot is once again home to the compassionate and lovable Dr. Frasier Crane. Now get the hell out, both of you!
Hello, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I'll be taking your calls for the next four hours. Roz, who's on the line?
Hello, Line Two, you're on with Dr. Frasier Crane.
Hello, Mark. I'm listening.
What?! I'm listening.
Well, you know, sometimes these things seem clearer in the light of day. My advice is to sleep on it.
Oh, no—
Oh, oh, and now for a word from, um, uh, ah, I forget, I think they sell paint.
Oh God, Roz, I don't think I've helped a single person tonight.
Well, you're the one who's supposed to keep track of who's on what line!
Roz, Roz, Roz! We shouldn't get mad at each other. Oh God, this is all Kate's fault.
Yes, there is! If we're gonna go down, we're gonna take her down with us! We've got one hour left. If she wants raunch, we're gonna give her more raunch than she ever dreamed of! Are you with me, Roz?
OK!
We're back, Seattle. And in accordance with new station policy, we are going to be pandering to the lowest human instinct. In other words, who wants to talk about SEX?! Sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex!
YEAH! I want to know who's having sex! How you're having it! I want to know if you're having it right now!
Thank you, Kitty. Hello, Caller. What are you wearing?
Hey, that's a great idea! Let's all get naked! Hey, I'm getting naked right now!
Well then, hop in a cab! I'm not wearing any pants!
While Roz laces up her leather bustier, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL - all talk, all night, all naked!
As George Bernard Shaw once said, "there are two tragedies in life. One is not getting what we want, and the other is getting it."
You know, one of these days, you're going to misquote someone, and I'm going to land on you like a sumo wrestler!
Oh, yeah! "Frasier Crane takes a leering look at infidelity!"
And you are such a smug egomaniac that your entire self-image would shatter like a cheap mirror if you ever had to admit that you had made a mistake!
You are a classic case of neurotic narcissism, and a first- class SMARTY-PANTS! You can go ahead and fire me now.
Did you listen to the whole tape?
Well, that's-that's awfully big of you. Guess that means I'll be moving back to my old time slot.
Grasp this: if I don't get my old time slot, I quit!
OK, then it's a stalemate! If we don't want to remain entrenched in these positions forever, one of us had better think of something!
I've got it!
I don't care what you say, I like theme shows! And I'm going to do them, starting this Friday with "Frasier Crane takes a look at the consequences of infidelity!"
Damn you!
You win. Bartok it is.
This is Dr. Frasier Crane. We'll be right back after this.
That won't be necessary. I have a built in mental stopwatch. As a child playing "Hide and Go Seek" I was the only one who didn't need to say, "One Hippopotamus Two Hippopotamus."
I am not!
All right, you're on.
Hello, we're back. This is Dr. Frasier Crane tuning in for our second hour on the "Dr. Frasier Crane Show." In our first hour we covered everything from anorexia to xenophobia. What will be next? As always of course that's entirely up to you. So stick around – the Doctor is in and he's listening. Ooh, this is KACL 780 AM...
Thank you.
I see.
Of course, very much so, yes!
What was what?
For Kate?
I had Mexican for lunch. It's not lust – it's a Chimichanga.
Have you lost your mind?
Roz, you're wrong.
Stop it. Everybody knows you are the biggest gossip in the entire station. You'll be sworn to secrecy.
No, it doesn't count until you shake my hand.
Roz, Kate and I...
Alright. Of course it happened months ago. Only a couple times.
Our relationship started out so antagonistic. Then suddenly it just spilled over into passion. Intense, romantic, exciting...
...the whole thing's over now, but Roz, you will say nothing, absolutely nothing... Roz? Roz?
Evening all.
Well, actually no. I have a date.
Some woman I met at my accountant's.
I must admit I'm having a little trouble working up my enthusiasm about it. It's not the woman's fault. It's just that I find myself preoccupied with somebody else right now. Well, frankly, it's gone a bit beyond preoccupation. I'm having fantasies about her all the time.
You know, I'm beginning to wonder if I have real feelings for this woman? I mean I think about her all the time.
Kate from the office.
She is nice. Intelligent, accomplished.
Well, we agreed we wouldn't pursue things. Frankly, she hasn't given me any indication since that she's even had a second thought about me.
Thank you, Niles!
Well, you know Daphne, it's just not that easy really. Maybe I'm letting this romantic fantasy run away with me. Truth is we don't really know each other very well and, if she did reject me, I'd end up going to work every day feeling like a fool.
Oh fine Dad! Frankly I've had enough of you and your adolescent wisecracks. I am not "chicken." I am just merely hesitant. I will ask her out tomorrow. Fine. I hope that makes you happy!
Oh Kate. Hi. There you are. I wanted to talk with you.
I'll ride along with you. You know, it seems every time we speak lately the conversation always leads to ratings, commercials, demographics...
...hirings and firings, promotions, demotions, the odd skirmish over the expense account. It just seems all so dry and impersonal. Did I hit the right button?
Yeah, so do I. Kate I wanted to ask you…
What?
Well, I'm at a loss for words.
Well congratulations. This is a big step for you.
All I know is that for the time you've been here I've certainly enjoyed having you. Having you...
I suppose so. Goodbye, Kate.
Thank you.
Well, her name's Donna. She's an art director. Or a park director – I forget.
"Cheque please" comes to mind!
Hey Niles.
He cares deeply for her and yet he lets her go. Wonder why Bogey did that?
No, she's not. She's going to Chicago to turn a Country & Western station into an all-talk format.
To stop Kate from getting on that plane!
Oh, I don't know. Tell her I'm visiting a sick friend or something. Better yet – just tell her the truth. Sometimes two people just aren't meant to be together.
Don't say anything. Just listen. Kate, this afternoon I wanted to say something to you but when I found out you were leaving I held back. Well, I'm not holding back any more. I can't stop thinking about you. Not just about the times we made love but about the possibility that we might have a future together. Now if there's any part of you that wonders the same thing about me, we owe it to ourselves to see it through. You see, if you get on that plane tonight you'll regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of our lives. Anyway I think I made my point. What do you think?
More importantly, what do you think?
Well, it turns out Bogey was right to let her go.
Donna, hi.
Oh, he's doing much better actually. They're thinking sending him home tomorrow.
Well, he's with an HMO! So... er... what do you say we have that dinner?
Kate!
Kate! I was, Kate! This woman means nothing to me.
Oh, I'm sorry, Donna. I'm truly sorry. It was very inconsiderate, but that woman means a great deal to me. I'm sure you'll hate me, but I just gotta do what I gotta do.
Well... this is lucky. We can ride down together.
Kate!
Oh my God. I know you're upset. I don't even care about that woman. She's just a blind date I didn't even want to go on. I wanted to be with you tonight.
I can't believe I waited so long when all I had to do was say something.
Well it doesn't matter. We're together now.
Go ahead. Go ahead. Couldn't you just stay one more night? Just call them. Tell them you'll come in tomorrow.
Oh damn. All right I'll call you. Where are you staying?
Goodbye. I'll miss you.
I missed you too! The minute that door closed I started praying for something bad to happen to your plane.
I felt that way since the moment I met you.
I gotta work. I could come out next weekend.
You've got a twin?
Wow. You know there's so much we don't know about each other.
Er... oh, I know. What's your favourite colour?
Arctic silver. It's available on all the big BMW's.
Paris! Museum?
Candide! Yours?
Really?
No, no. Allergies. Allergies. Cats. Not really much of a pet person.
Once. In a dark parking lot. When a truck backfired.
Well, we could go antiquing.
Ah! Well, this is all good. The contrasts between us will make our relationship more vibrant.
No, no. It's all right.
Yes – and I understand they're completely humane! Oh, you meant an allergy shot, didn't you?
It's all right. It's all right. So... er... you were saying that you love animals?
Wow, life on a ranch raising horses. I always pictured myself in a penthouse raising children.
Yes. You like kids?
Yeah, it couldn't hurt.
How about on another airline?
Look Kate – fate to the rescue once again. Sir – this woman has to get across the terminal post-haste.
Good point. Bye. Pity, though!
Well, Louie. This looks like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Oh really, must you two play this ridiculous game? She makes some feeble stab and you say "No. Guess again." Then she starts flailing away with even more ludicrous answers, all the while you chanting "Guess again", until she's gibbering like some auctioneer with a bad bladder. Then you finally reveal the answer at which point nobody even cares.
Niles.
Oh I would love to Niles. Why don't you want to use them?
What?
Dad, what about you? I've never known you to turn down the horses.
Oh well then. I'll just call one of my friends. Jeez. This is sort of embarrassing. The first three names on my list are all back in Boston.
Oh well truth be told Daphne, those people are insufferable bores unless they have a glass in their hands. Sherry, Niles?
Oh I know. How about Ed O'Hanlon?
Ooh, how about Edmund Kelly? If I know old Ed he'd never leave Seattle.
Dear me. Really? I'll miss him.
My God how did this happen? I've been back here for two years and I've yet to forge any new friendships.
What exactly is your point Dad? That I've lost my knack for making friends?
Still, you know Dad, I did have friends in college and back in Boston. It's only since I moved to Seattle that I've started falling back on Niles.
Niles, you know what I mean. Settling for what's comfortable and familiar. My God, you and I can go out together and I know what you're thinking before you even say it.
You know what? This would make a wonderful topic for my show. "Making New Friends" What are we so afraid of?
Thank you Dad. I can always count on you not to overthink something.
So why is it we have so much trouble making friends? Is it because we've become closed off? No longer want to reach out to our fellow man? Well I'd like to think that if one of you listeners out there happened to see me on the street you'd feel free to walk right on up to me and…
Oh Roz that's exactly the kind of cynicism I'm talking about. I, for one, happen to believe in the kindness strangers.
Hi, we're back with the topic of friendship. Now let's go to the switchboard. Roz, who's on line one?
Hello Gerard. I'm listening.
Well thank you Gerard. I sense a kindred spirit.
Well thank you so much for your offer of friendship George but I really don't have five thousand dollars to invest in your French fries vending machine. And for the sake of those who do invest I suggest, Sir, that you find a better name than "The Spuddy Buddy". This is Dr. Frasier Crane wishing you all good mental health. I mean that today more than ever!
You stacked the deck didn't you?
Oh Roz my listeners are not sick……although this one does bear watching! Here's one that has promise. "Dear Dr. Crane. I never thought I'd write a letter like this but I was moved by today's show. As a photographer I come into contact with new people on a daily basis yet I often find it difficult to make that one on one connection. However your words offered hope and I just wanted to say thank you. Sincerely. Bob Reynolds."
You know what? I think I'm going to give Mr. Bob Reynolds a call.
Oh rubbish Roz. I'm going to call him. Where did you come up with such a disgusting image?
Frankly Niles I'm not here to see you. I'm meeting a new friend.
Yes, you remember I was talking about widening my circle friends.
It's not that I'm trying to replace you Niles. It's just that Bob and I…
Niles I am not dumping you. I'm just worried that Bob might feel awkward meeting the two of us.
Niles.
Bob?
Call me Frasier.
Coffee please. Well uh…so.
So. Listen, thank you for your fax.
One would think but it's my cross.
Well, I believe humour can be a therapeutic tool.
Mark Twain. "The Mysterious Stranger". I have a first edition.
You know I was a bit trepidatious about this experiment Bob, but I'm feeling a real simpatico here.
I'm going to go out on a limb. What do you say once we finish these coffees we treat ourselves to a proper dinner?
OK. Say, what are you reading?
Well…um…national holiday…4th July.
Well Bob. Do you have any charcoal free interests?
I'm a bit of a camera buff myself. What's your trade? Photo journalist?
You know, Bob, about that dinner? How about Tex-Mex?
Morning.
I had dinner with a new friend. Bob.
Hardly. The man talks endlessly on subjects that are of no interest to anyone but him.
Oh Dad. He took me to this God-awful barbecue place. All they serve is huge platters of charred greasy beef. The only sound you can hear is the gnawing of meat, the smacking lips and the clatter of bones hitting the floor.
Well I was going to tell him that I didn't want to see him anymore but you see it's a bit more delicate than just that. The problem is he's in a wheel chair.
Well I know that. It's just that I'd hate to have him think it was just because of the chair.
I'll get it. You know, Daphne, you're right? I was kind of a coward wasn't I? Well, at least I got through the evening.
Bob you're here. Did we have plans?
Did I mention where I lived? I'm astonishingly sure I didn't.
2 weeks and 45 phone calls. Can't we just get an unlisted number?
I know Roz. I'm working up to it.
Yes I know that. I'm a psychiatrist. I'm quite capable dealing with difficult problems in a sensitive mature fashion……Wait! Did you hear that? That squeak!
He's here. It's Bob!
Oh that's right. Only dogs and I can hear it.
It's the sound of his chair. I'd know it anywhere.
No he's not. He's never really gone!
NO! NO! He's not going to move into my building. I won't allow it. I'm going to talk to him Roz. Listen, I could use your advice. You've broken up with a lot of people. What do you find to be the most effective thing to say?
Good, I've got my fallback.
Ooh Niles, Niles. I need to talk. Bob's meeting me here……this isn't my usual.
That man is your friend?
Bob. You really shouldn't have.
About that Bob. Have you actually signed a lease yet?
Well, we need to talk.
You see I just don't think there's a basis between us for a sound friendship. Neither of us should feel bad about it.
No, no. I'm not rejecting you. Truth is you're pleasant. You're charming.
Well all right, all right. We have absolutely nothing in common. You talk on endlessly about subjects that I have no interest in. You call me all the time. Frankly you're suffocating me!
I wanted to. Frankly I was afraid you'd think it was because of the…you know…
The wheelchair.
I don't know. I just wanted you to know that.
I beg your pardon.
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Bob, wait, please. I've got to level with you. Truth is I find nothing wrong with you. I was just ashamed to admit it. It is the chair.
I think frankly that you are wonderful company. Wildly stimulating. Your hobbies are so fascinating. You have a sense of style that really, I mean, doesn't compare to anyone's. It's just me. I feel petty and small about it but I can't get past the chair. I'm sorry Bob. Please. I'm sorry. This is goodbye.
Look. You don't understand.
Well…
People please. Frankly this doesn't concern any of you.
Oh For God's sake Bob – put a sock in it.
Well, yes. They're a bit frenzied. Perhaps a woven lace would tone down the glitz.
No, not at all. You can get them downtown.
Well I do for one…
Good morning.
Dad. Before you blame the dryer, have you ever considered stepping on the old bathroom scales?
Daphne?
Daphne, I wasn't quite finished with that toast either.
Yes – how many championship matches have been marred by the heartbreak of toast cramp?
Well, Dad, when you pay that kind of money what you're really paying for is the designer name!
Oh! Hello Joe.
Well. Can anyone think of anything to make this moment a bit more awkward than it already is?
Thank you, Eddie!
Friends of yours?
Well – I've seen your wife.
Niles, it's one party.
This often happens in these cases when two people separate – their friends choose one spouse over the other. Surely they chose Maris because she's better connected and has more money than you do.
Niles, I just think you're overreacting.
Perhaps we should contact Feronte and Tisha (sp.??) – see if they have your invitation?
Roz, I want to get your take on something.
Well. Daphne and Joe are having sex in my apartment and it leaves me in a rather awkward position.
Well, let's just say that I'm sitting there listening to music, reading a book... and Daphne and Joe are "back there."
Well, it just makes me uncomfortable. I'm going to ask Daphne not to sleep with Joe in the house anymore. Is that too...?
I was going to say selfish!
Well, I just don't think a man should be uncomfortable in his own home. How am I supposed to relax when every giggle, every noise makes me... you know...?
Of course not. Don't be ridiculous. The very idea.
Well, you made me.
Hey, Dad. Is Daphne in?
Ah, yes. Denial. The sort of advice I'd expect from a man whose driver's license still lists his hair colour as brown.
Daphne. I think we need to discuss what happened this morning.
No, no. I share the blame. We never did have a formal discussion about the rules of the house, especially when it comes to... you know...
Well, then our business is concluded. Meeting adjourned.
Daphne. I was just reviewing the minutes of our last meeting. There seems to be some confusion.
You see, my quibble is not with the lack of notification. I am just not comfortable with you and Joe sleeping together under my roof.
Oh yes, yes. And I want you to feel comfortable living here.
Oh. Thank you for understanding.
Guess who? Daphne... em... I don't want you entertaining here but I also don't want you to move out.
Well...
That is not what I meant. This is difficult for both of us, Daphne. I have to express my feelings. I also don't want to lose you. You're very important to me and my father.
Well – I suppose, what other choice do we have?
Well, you made me!
Morning, Dad.
You seen the phone?
I'll passo!
Dad. Whatever happened to the silk pajamas I bought you?
Not that I don't enjoy a "pile" of breakfast as much as the next guy but I still think no. Dad, are you planning on going around like that all weekend?
I see. Look Dad, I just have to do this
What was it like in the old days when you actually had to get up to change the channel?
The contractor. I'm getting an estimate on restoring my study.
I think Joe's done enough work in that room, thank you!
Henry. Thank you for coming on such short notice.
I'll just show you the room. Oh, this is my father. Don't get up! Like a cup coffee?
Fine. Look, the room is right down the hall there to the right. I'll meet you there.
Oh, Dad. This is a small thing but you left the sponge in the sink again.
Well, as I mentioned last evening, if it stays wet, not only does it begin to smell but it becomes a breeding ground for bacteria.
So. If I were to say wipe up that salsa that you spilled on the table just now I would be leaving behind bacteria such as salmonella, lysteria, flagella. Now wouldn't that bother you?
Ah, yes. Our own foul-breathed little handy wet!
Suppose there's a nuclear power plant they had to build to keep that television on day and night?
No!
All right, I moved your damn chair. The way you have it turned ruins the symmetry of the room. The sight line loses all flow.
Would you get Eddie off of the couch, or else it's down through the garbage chute for the thrill ride of his life!
Well, howdy partner.
Fair enough. Say, am I crazy or is there a bright golden haze on the meadow?
Oh Niles, why do you even care about those people? In your hour of need they pretend you don't even exist. They treat you like you're a leper, a non-person.
Well, I hate to break this to you, "Waltzes With Snobs," but they have left you on the mountaintop to die!
Oh, that's ridiculous.
Oh fine, very well. Why don't you just call them? Prove to me I'm wrong.
Where else would it be? And Dad's electric shaver is in the kitchen. You see, all our appliances are on an adventure this weekend.
Ah, yes. The Martin Crane approach. Better living through denial!
Dad, I'm a psychiatrist. I don't pretend. I confront. I resolve.
Oh, that is so untrue.
AND PERHAPS YOU CAN EXPLAIN THIS!!!
For the last two days I've asked you again and again as politely as I can to wring out the sponge. But you don't even have the consideration to respect my feelings.
But they're my feelings! And important to me! And because of that you should have the courtesy to respect them.
Oh, that makes no sense at all.
Oh, that's mature.
Oh, my dreams get me by. Like the one where I strap you in your chair and run around the house turning on all the lights...
...even in the rooms I'm nowhere near. Boy, that electric meter must really be spinning now!
Night, Daphne.
What?
See your point, Dad.
I'll go and talk to her.
I get it!
May I come in?
Thank you, Daphne. Daphne... er... you can't go. You have to stay. I've only just recently realised how important you are to us. You see, if you go, Dad and I will kill each other. I'm not just tossing out hyperbole here. I'm speaking in the most literal sense. Dad and I – both dead! Only he'll be lying there with a bacteria-ridden sponge protruding from his mouth like a bloated tongue. You don't really want that on your conscience, do you?
I'd be willing to try.
Why can't I get past this? Oh, it'd just be easier if I could be like my father pretending you weren't in here making love.
Yes, of course.
Really? Seems rather implausible. I'd like to believe that and believe me I really do want to... er... how can I?
I didn't even know Joe was a soldier. What war would that be?
But that was a British conflict and Joe's not...
Oh, that's very unfortunate. Having a summerhouse in a war zone. But how-?
A sheep?
Oh, I see. So, what you're saying is that Joe...
Ah. Well, I suppose that changes everything.
As long as you don't read too loudly.
She's staying. Turns out they're sleeping together but not having sex. See, they can't have sex because of an injury Joe suffered when kicked by a spooked sheep during an air raid while his family were vacationing in the Falkland Islands during the war.
Really? That means we can eat twice as many.
Well, we've got about thirty seconds. I think we've got time for one quick call. Hello, Marlene, I'm listening.
Yes, your problem, please...
Well, to all you Marlenes out there, may I suggest that sex with a stranger is not the answer. Why don't you just pack the kids off with Nana and Pop Pop, lock Lucky downstairs in the basement, grab your husband, take him to the sturdiest kitchen table you have, and let the postman ring twice! Now, to the rest of my listeners, I'll be off on vacation for the next week, so please tune in to my replacement, the noted podiatrist, Dr Garreth Wooten, who'll be discussing the virtues of his new book, "Bunions and Blisters and Corns," Oh My!
Sorry Roz, the taxi's waiting outside to take me to the airport.
Oh, thanks.
I'll get you a nice T-shirt from Colonial Williamsburg.
No, it's a wonderful vacation spot! We're going to dip candles, tan leather, churn butter...
Dad, please, please! I have just spent the most wonderful six days with Frederick. I am technically still on vacation till ten a.m. tomorrow.
Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup! Dad, I do not care to know how hard Daphne made you exercise, or about the boring foreign film Niles made you sit through, or about the progress of Eddie's on-again, off-again romance with the ottoman!
Dad, please! For all intents and purposes, I am not here.
Daphne?
Niles?
What the hell was that?
Dad, what was that? Dad, will you stop kidding around? Was that a date? Dad!
This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL, 780.
Oh, don't panic, Roz — probably just one of my more ardent fans.
Niles, we've got to talk! It's urgent.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yes.
She's back — the scourge of my existence.
I'm talking about... Diane Chambers.
She just showed up at the station today. Apparently some play she wrote is being produced here in town. I admit, I just sort of panicked when I saw her, but I think I covered it masterfully.
Oh, spare me the psychiatrist bit, Niles. That includes putting down the pad! In the drawer, Niles!
No! Not in the least! It's a ridiculous suggestion.
Over what?!
I sort of did.
I expressed my distaste for the way I'd been treated, yes.
Well, I can't just tell Diane how awful she made me feel now! It's a distant memory for her. I'd feel weak!
You know, what you just said made a lot of sense.
No, that business about my success! I tuned you out after that. I'm going to invite Diane over for dinner tonight, and I'm really gonna flaunt my success, really rub her nose in it! That'll prove I'm not just some cast-aside that never got over her. Niles, I know it's not psychologically sound. But we're still human. We have to do what feels good sometimes, don't we?
Fine.
Yes.
Wouldn't miss it for the world though, would you?
No, no, no. Daphne, I was very specific about this. The mayor's plaque goes on the piano...
The Otis Klandenning "Man of the Year Award" goes right over here...
And my jewel — my SeaBea — goes right here where she can't miss it!
Give me that!
She's a one-time Boston barmaid who had a nervous breakdown and ended up in a sanitorium, where I met her, fell for her, and then was so mercilessly rejected by her that to this day there is a sucking chest wound where once there dwelled a heart!
Diane!
Please. You remember my brother Niles, my father Martin, and this is his health-care worker, Daphne Moon.
Well, it's modest in its way.
White wine, Diane? I'm pouring an '85 Montrachet La Guiche I purchased at auction.
Hang this up!
These are a Pyreenean taste treat! They're handpicked and bottled by Andalusian monks!
Which one?
I meant which theater?
You know, why don't you people just keep talking amongst yourselves? I will go and fetch the profiteroles. They were prepared by the hottest new pastry chef in... oh, what's the use?
Oh, shut up. All right, I admit you were right. Before she leaves here tonight, I am going to tell her how much pain she made me feel. The savage truth this time — there will be no sugarcoating it! And yes, I am aware of the irony!
Yes, and we all know what a struggle it is to get Diane to talk about herself.
Look, Diane, please, I-I really didn't mean anything by it. I'm sorry—
Niles, could you please get her some water?
All right, now. Tell me what happened. Was it about your play?
Look, would you people please just give us some privacy?!
All right now. From the beginning.
Of course I'll help you, Diane.
My God, Niles, it's such a glorious day! I walked all the way here. Thirty-two blocks, and Bruno Maglies be damned! Oh yes, I see the look, I know exactly what it means too. How could I very well say "no" to Diane? She came to me in crisis. Oh, excuse me, a double cappuccino, please, light cinnamon, thank you very much. Oh, you know, the change in Diane has really been quite gratifying. Dropped her off at the theater today, and there was a smile on her face that I haven't seen in... well, far too many years. Oh, I know what you're thinking. Where did she get the money to do the play? Well, she found a backer! It's tax deductible! Thank you. Oh, why don't you go ahead and say what you're thinking, Niles? That I'm falling for her again. "Well, you did bounce in here as though you were on top the world, and babbling about her smile" — I just don't want to hear it, Niles! I'm simply helping her to get back on her feet and out of my life as quickly as possible. No, I don't know how long it's going to take. Look, I said I don't know! Oh, really, Niles! Curse you, you are the most infuriating busybody! I'm not sitting with you.
"Night — making all things dimly beautiful..."
Yes. Eleven years later, we're still on the same page.
Diane, I'd be honored?
Are you sure you're ready for this?
Big step, Diane.
Hey, Dad.
What if I were?
Oh, that was the old Diane. She no longer sees herself as the center of the universe. And I'm not the old Frasier anymore either. People can change, Dad.
The new Frasier resists the temptation to correct your French.
I may be able to illuminate that for you!
What you are feeling is that this woman has reached into your chest, plucked out your heart, and thrown it to her hell- hounds for a chew toy! And it's not the last time either! Because that's what this woman is! She is the Devil! There's no use running away from her, because no matter how far you go, no matter how many years you let pass, you will never be completely out of reach of those bony fingers! So drink hearty, Franklin, and laugh! Because you have made a pact with Beelzebub! And her name is Mary Anne!
Diane?
I thought we should talk.
I was driving around.
You didn't. I think I misled myself.
Oh, it's all right.
No, Diane, it isn't necessary. The things I said... well, they just needed saying. Besides, I don't really feel all that harshly — and in retrospect, I'm reasonably sure that you are not the Devil... although he does have the power to assume pleasing shapes.
I'm sure things'll work out fine. Well, I think I've said what I came to say.
Well, I suppose he'd tell her that he feels the same way. That she's touched him in a way she can never imagine, he's glad she was in his life.
Well, I suppose he could say, uh, "until we meet again," probably certain that they never would.
Oh, I suppose so, yes. All right, then, don't have him sum things up. Just let them say their goodbyes, and if their paths happen to cross again, so be it... Goodbye, Mary Anne.
Diane.
All right, let's try it again. Goodbye, Diane.
Force of habit.
Morning Daphne, Dad.
Yes, very impressive, isn't he? When he wakes up you must get him to tell you about his stint as security coordinator for Jimmy Hoffa!
Dad, come on, rise and shine.
You fell asleep. Oh, good morning, Niles!
Ah yes, I see our newspaper thief has struck again!
Come on in.
Well Niles, I think that's hardly cause to celebrate. She called you just because she wants something?
What else would you expect from a woman who thinks her chocolate allergy entitles her to park in a handicapped space?
Oh yes, two perfectly lovely women victimised by an unjust system.
Only if they moved the bars closer together.
Well, that's it for today, folks! This is Dr. Frasier Crane wishing you good mental health!
Well, right back atcha! I take it things didn't go down so well at the station?
Oh, dear God.
Roz, if not for his sake, then for mine, please?
Sounds just a tad shady, Roz. You mean he went to some hoodlum?
No, give me that!
Are you mad? I will not have you turning a minor, albeit annoying situation into a, a Martin Scorsese film!
Her Commodore?
I'm sure.
Yes, whatever happened to the days when a parent would take a wayward child by the hand, march them back to the scene of the crime and make them say, "I'm sorry, Your Holiness, it'll never happen again"?
Yes, who better to mend the fragile fabric of a troubled marriage than a man whose business address is a wharf!
Niles, look. This is ridiculous, it's past midnight. I'm leaving.
Do you suppose that's him?
Good point, Niles. Where would a criminal come up with the money for something like that?
Pleasure.
Yes, we certainly know about those, don't we?
Just show him the charges, Niles.
Oh, yes. She's ounces of fun.
Well, I must admit, Niles, it is not entirely unpleasant to rub shoulders with the demi-monde. I definitely felt a real testosterone surge, you know?
Oh, Niles, it must be your cellular phone vibrating.
Well?
At this hour of the night? My God, it's past midnight. What kind of business could it possibly be ...of mine where you're going!
Jerome! Look Niles, it's Jerome! In my house!
Yes, yes! Excuse us, Jerome!
No, Niles. He's probably having a luau and he came to borrow our Poi Ramekins!
Knock it off, Bugsy!
Oh no! No! That's fine!
You know, for the life of me, I can't recall ever having seen a woman wearing so many different kinds of furs all at the same time.
Well, you're in luck! Niles happens to be one of the finest marriage counselers in all of Seattle!
To me?
Jerome, you know I'm a psychiatrist. I'm used to rendering my opinion, not being a mouthpiece for someone else. I'm not sure I'm comfortable with this.
I see. Well then, why don't you just give Brandy my unlisted home number, which I'm sure you came across when you were finding out where I lived. I'll be glad to chat with her.
If I'm able to dance.
Dad, how can I possibly as a self-respecting psychiatrist tell any woman to marry that thug?
This coming from the psychic who thought he was a chiropractor!
Okay, dad!
The key to lasting weight-loss is to change the way you view food everyday. You can't go on through life binging and then starving yourself for two weeks just to fit into that gorgeous new evening gown you've bought for a special occasion. Can you understand that?
Don't mention it, Steve. Roz, who's our next caller?
Hello Randy, I'm listening.
Brandy?
You know we're all out of time, my goodness I feel so sorry but...
Thank you, Roz! Alright Brandy, go ahead. Your problem, please.
Well, I can certainly hear the love in your voice, so I say case closed, best of luck to you in the future!
Well, I think a little mistrust adds mystery to a relationship.
Lobster? Limos? My God, give me his number and I'll marry him!
You know, this really isn’t necessary...
Well, that just leaves more time to cuddle!
No!
Well... taking into account the years you've invested in the relationship, and Jerome's obvious love for you, not to mention his generosity...
Brandy... run! Save yourself. Do not marry this man. This is Dr Frasier Crane, saying goodbye, and see you, God willing, tomorrow.
Yes, I'll have a non-fat, decaf latte, please. Oh, what the hell? Look, make it a full-fat mocha with extra whipped cream. What the hell, put a slice of bacon on it!
Niles! Don't do that!
Oh, like I'd tell you. One minute of interrogation and you would crack like a Jordan almond!
For as long as I live. Which'll probably take us through breakfast.
Oh, wrong again!
Believe me, the last thing I wanted to do is displease you. Or to hear the words "acid" and "Dr. Crane" in the same sentence. But - Jerome, I'm sorry - how could I have advised her otherwise? She said that you cheated on her.
Alright, be that as it may, how can I advise her to marry a man who's so controlling that he won't even allow her to work?
So you're saying she's had trouble finding her niche?
So she has agreed to marry you?
Oh, good Lord. I distinctly told him I wasn't available until noon.
Don't you think this is getting a little old?
Yes, is Dr. Crane there? This is his brother, Frasier.
Morning, all. Daphne, I got treats!
We went for a walk.
When I saw what a beautiful day it was, I headed for the park. Of course, the only people in the park at this hour of the morning without dogs are winos and that guy in the harem pants that washes his hair in the fountain. He says hello, by the way.
Sort of nice? My God, haven’t you people noticed this? It’s incredible! Dad, you should feel this. It’s eighty degrees outside and it’s the middle of February!
Yes, it is glorious. It defies you not to take a moment to acknowledge the power that created it.
Sure, Dad. What’s the occasion?
Oh well, you’ll want to throw in a hooker too, won’t you?
Hmm.
Right.
I get it, Dad.
I can do the math.
Yeah Dad, you should go.
Well Dad, his birthday only comes around once every four years. As a matter of fact, this day only comes around every four years. You know, it’s like a free day, a gift. We should do something special, be bold! It’s leap year, take a leap!
No. And Dad can pay for his own trip.
All right, Dad, back in your court. Are you up to the leap year challenge?
Dad, Jimmy’s already sixteen. How many more birthdays is he going to have?
That’s the spirit!
Well, have you forgotten? I’m singing “Buttons and Bows” tonight at the P.B.S. pledge drive.
Yes, but I’m doing something remarkably fresh and different with it this year!
Like a ’56 Rambler!
Good morning, Niles!
Oh Niles, that’s wonderful news! It’s high time you and Maris sat down and talked through your problems.
Niles, I don’t mind telling you, I’m a little bit concerned about this. Maris claps her hands, you come running?
Oh, surely you’re exaggerating, you’ve only been separated for three.
You really want to sacrifice your self-respect for a roll in the hay?
Niles, you and Maris have not sat down and discussed your problems. As a psychiatrist you know that sex will only cloud the issues.
Oh, Niles...
Well, will you at least think about what I’ve said?
Niles... you know I’m right.
I most certainly am too!
Niles...
Of course not. Just don’t think about sex.
Grandma in a teddy.
You’re all mine in buttons and bows!
Mmm-hmm! Roz, it is a wonderful day. You know, I think the entire city of Seattle is convinced it’s springtime. I was walking down the street, I passed a pet store, and in the window I could see two snakes doing a mating dance.
Well, I can see the unseasonable sunshine has done nothing to improve your mood.
Well, alimony aside, I found it rather liberating.
Carl Lagerfeld?
I’m sure another one would have come along in ten minutes or so.
So am I.
Roz, if you really want to try to find him again, you know we do reach half a million listeners. Why don’t you just tell your story on the air?
It’s two o’clock.
A glorious good afternoon, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane. I’m thinking a lot today about leap year. Today is February 29th, and although it isn’t an official holiday, perhaps it could be looked upon as one in a metaphorical sense. Just as Christmas reminds us to be generous of spirit, so leap year reminds us to take a leap in our own lives. To be bold, try something new. Too often we shrink from doing things we really want to, held back by... oh, appearing foolish, perhaps... Roz?
Is there anything you’d like to say before we start taking calls?
I’m reminded of a quotation by John Greenleaf Whittier: “For all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these: ‘It might have been’”... Roz?
Did you know that a woman over the age of thirty has less chance of getting married than of being killed in a terrorist attack?
So Gary, if you’re listening, please, please give us a call. We’ll be right back after these words.
Oh my God, oh my God! How could I say “I really liked you and I thought you were cute” – who am I, Marcia Brady?!
Well, we’ll be right back for more calls, and more on the search for Gary, after this news break.
As I pause to make sure the “ON AIR” light is off, continue.
Mmm-hmm.
No, you’re not.
Niles, will you just get a grip!
If you thought being with Maris was the right thing to do, you’d be there with her. You know it’s wrong. That’s why you’re here, asking for my permission.
Niles, get back! You just stop that! Get control. My God, man, there are far more important things here than simple immediate physical gratification.
Oh.
Oh, ignore him. You know, human nature never ceases to amaze me – how otherwise rational people can be turned into babbling ninnies by their hormones.
Well, we’re back. You’ll all be glad to know that Cupid’s arrow has hit its mark. Gary has just arrived in the hallway, and has a big bouquet of flowers for Roz.
You know, the truth is, I’m really quite delighted with the way things have turned out today. It inspires me to take a little leap of my own. As many of you know, this evening, for the third year in a row I will be appearing on the P.B.S. pledge drive...
So, instead of “Buttons and Bows,” I have chosen to sing a very challenging aria from Verdi’s Rigoletto - something I have never attempted outside the shower. I certainly hope my little gamble turns out as well as Roz’s has.
Or even better.
Oh, God!
Did it work?
Yes, well I suppose it stood to reason being showered with coldness would only bring Maris more to mind.
Oh, I’m sorry, Niles. It’s just that I’m awfully nervous.
Look Niles, I know it’s difficult, but Maris has got to learn that you’re not just someone who can be ordered to perform at will. Now sit, play!
Dad! Why aren’t you in Montana?
My God, Dad, I am so sorry.
Will you stop it! Dad, if you’d like to talk about it, we’re both here for you.
Mmm-hmm.
Yes, something’s wrong. Things turned out so badly for Roz and Dad today, I’m just wondering if my little leap is ill- advised.
Maybe this aria thing won’t turn out so well, either.
Yeah...
How... bad do you think it is?
No, Niles! You can’t leave me now, I need you more now than ever.
You will rue the day!
Oh, Pete.
What, is it too hard for you?
Yeah - along with some Veal Milanese and a rather disappointing Chardonnay. Oh, Roz, I hope you’re not still angry with me for the way my advice backfired today?
How long are you going to stay mad at me?
That’s it! That’s it! I’m not doing the aria!
You bet I am! It may be an unwise man who doesn’t learn from his own mistakes, but it’s an absolute idiot that doesn’t learn from other people’s!
Oh, what’s the difference?! Who watches P.B.S.?!
I’ll tell you who: discerning, cultured viewers, like yourselves. Hello, I’m Dr. Frasier Crane. And like yourselves, I care about quality programming, such as foreign films, classical music, opera – which is why I intended to sing a rather challenging piece: an aria from Verdi’s Rigoletto. But, who am I to ignore the dozens of phone calls that have come in requesting my signature piece, a rather charming little ditty that I first sang three years ago on Classic Western Movie Week. So without further ado, I give you “Buttons and Bows,” from Paleface. Maestro, please?

What the hell was that all about?!
Oh, god. Somebody'd parked in my space again. I had to park six blocks from here and sprint the whole way. By the end, my tweed pants were throwing off so many sparks I almost caught myself on fire! I tell you what - the minute we go to a news break I'm going to rush down there and put this withering note on his windshield. “Dear discourteous driver...”
Oh, I wouldn't do something like that.
Roz, listen, the world has become uncivilized enough without me stooping to that level. Of course I was sorely tempted last night. I went to the movies to see "How Green Was My Valley." Lady Luck seated me in front of two elderly women who said with the arrival of each new actor, "My God, doesn't he look young; he's dead, you know." Finally I had to just walk out.
Hello, Seattle. We're back, and I would like to start by apologizing for being tardy. Nothing quite so inconsiderate as making someone wait. Now without further ado let's get to Brenda. Hello, Brenda.
Something tells me I'm going to be siding with Brenda's sister.
You're welcome! Excuse me, I was wondering if you could direct me to...
Don't you hate that? You come all the way down here yourself to the store, wait patiently, and somebody who calls in from home gets preferential treatment.
Right here!
Excuse me. I was looking for... Don't even think about it! I'm looking for "How Green Was My Valley."
It is a beautifully acted depiction of life in a small town in Wales. It won five Academy Awards! It's a classic!
Uh... you're taking "How Green Was My Valley?"
Yes, but you heard it from me! You were standing next to me in the line! Excuse me, is there another copy?
Frankly, I have had it with the whole boorish, ill-mannered world. Look, Dad, would you mind terribly if I used the TV tonight? I went to three video stores to get this tape. I'm just dying to see it.
Depends upon the dog.
What the hell is that?! The windows are rattling, the walls are shaking, and I am talking to no one!!
Not for long!
Dad, you can't possibly expect to sleep in this racket.
Yes. Yes, would you please connect me with the young man who's just moved into the penthouse upstairs. No, I don't know his name! He's in the penthouse! He has shaggy hair, tattoos all over him, his body is pierced. Oh, and I don't know if I mentioned this but he's in the penthouse!
Never mind. Has the world completely lost the concept of common courtesy? Am I the only one who is resisting this tide?! People of Seattle, listen to me! We are not barbarians! We are not Neanderthals and we are not French! Do you hear that, you up there?!
Chainsaw? Of the Newport Chainsaws? How does an arrested adolescent who barely knows two chords get a penthouse?
Oh. Well, then, I'll just add that to my list of reasons to die.
Yes, well, thank you for that, Daphne. But I've been waiting all day to watch my movie.
Doesn't he ever stop for sex and drugs?! Hello. Yes. Please, I insist on being connected with the young man in the penthouse. Yes, hello, Mr. Chainsaw? Yes, how do you do? I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. I am your neighbor; I live right below you. Yes, do you have any idea how loud your music is? Oh. You do? Well... thank you. Well, that wasn't so bad. The young man seemed quite amiable in his way.
I'm going out!
I'm going out!
I AM GOING OUT!
Smell me, Niles.
Exactly! On my way down in the elevator today a woman thinks nothing of lighting up a cigarette. Has the world gone mad?
Let me guess - no note on the windshield?
No. I think that would be a Hatchback, Niles.
Oh, that would be the Hatchback.
Oh, look, Niles - free table! Go, go, go, go!
Leave it!
Oh, there!
All right, fine.
Oh, we're not hovering, believe me. It's just that there... well, there's really no place else to stand. Oh, just take your time, please. There's no rush.
Niles, isn't that your car?
Niles, it's about to be towed!
Oh. Oh, thank you so much. Take care, have a lovely day.
Excuse me, but we were waiting for this table.
Well, there aren't any. Look, you knew that we were waiting for it. We politely stood back and let those people leave and then you just jumped right in here!
No, we won't! This isn't about the table anymore! This is about the erosion of common decency. Sir, when you treat me this way you encourage me to be discourteous to another. And so on and so on. You don't have any manners, do you? Then perhaps what you need is an etiquette lesson!!
SIT DOWN, NILES!
Fine.
What did Niles tell you?
Dammit! Niles blabbed!
"Three cheers for Dr. Frasier Crane, who struck a blow against rudeness yesterday in a coffeehouse melee." Perfect! Now all of Seattle knows about my loutish behavior!
Dad!
No, no Dad. I will not toss Niles about the room.
A tad.
Daphne, don't you think you were overreacting just a bit?
No. No, no... Daphne. Please, really. It's not necessary. Thank you all. It's just that this isn't sitting well with me. I find it hard to believe any good can come of violence.
That's it again! Mr. Chainsaw. This is Dr. Frasier Crane...
Go ahead, Daphne. Make my eggs.
You know, I do wish people would stop making such a fuss.
Oh yes, all right. Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Who's on the line, Roz?
Hello, Mitch.
Oh, that's very inconsiderate.
Mitch, I must say I'm stunned. I can't imagine a more extreme response to such a minor infraction.
Oh... people. People, please. There's no need for that. I'm no hero.
Well, Niles, I've driven on the freeway with you. The rest of the hand has been well-represented. Oh, look, there he is. Mr. Harvey, I'm so glad you could come. You remember my brother, Niles, and uh... we're at "our" table.
Well, there's no need for any hostility. I just came to talk.
No! No, they'll be nothing like that here today! Now, listen, I could try to explain my behavior by saying that these are stressful times we live in, that I had reached the end of my tether. But I won't do that, because you see, I was 100% wrong. I had absolutely no right to touch you and I accept full responsibility.
So, then you accept my apology?
But, but... these are stressful times we live in and I'd reached the end of my tether!
But I hardly touched you!
Niles! This is no time for you to assert yourself!
Niles, stop it! Please excuse him!
Niles!! Niles... are you all right?!
Oh, my god!! Nobody move him!
Then you admit you touched him! He admits it! Oh, Niles. Niles, I'm here for you. I promise we're going to get you the best care that THIS MAN'S MONEY CAN BUY! My god, Niles, that was brilliant. You even got a tear in your eye!
Are your eyes closed?
It's something my antiques scout found for me. Voila! Paris, 1882! Designed by Jean- Francois Blon, while attending L'Ecole des Beaux Arts!
Would you like to try a game, Niles?
Well, all right.
No wonder — the king is stationary while the queen has all the power.
Oh, hi, Dad. Did you see my new chess set?
"Nice?" Well, the inlay was made from the same Travertine marble they used at the Emperor Hadrian's palace outside Tivoli!
Good one, Dad. Say, how about a game?
Oh, come on, Dad. You know how to play, don't you?
Oh, come on, checkers is a kid's game. Come on, Dad! I just got it! Please? Nobody will play with me!
Well, let's just start with name-calling and see where it goes, all right?
Your turn.
Now, Dad, please, you don't have to rush. As a novice, you have the right to sit back, survey the board, take your time. I will not pressure you or hover like a vulture. Please, feel free to ask any questions you might have.
Yes, it is.
Well, yes.
Well, in all fairness, my mind was a bit distracted by having to monitor your side of the board, but, uh... Touche! How about another game, Dad?
Well, uh, all right, fair enough.
Pawns, Dad.
Yes, it's called a rook.
Can we call it a night, Dad?
No, I mean can we call it a night?
Oh hi, Roz.
Perhaps a blood-pressure cuff?
Oh, really? Trouble on the dating front?
"Noge?"
"Noge?"
Well, how's this for an icebreaker: "Say, Noge, where'd you get such a stupid name?"
Oh my God.
That's how he did it.
My father beat me at chess last night, and I've just realized now it was sheer dumb luck. He stumbled into the Panoph- Vinick attack!
Oh Roz, I can't tell you what a relief this is. My God, my whole world makes sense again.
Yes, and it'd be a lot easier if you'd stop bringing it up.
Hello, Niles.
To what do I owe this pleasure?
Mmm, baffling.
Well, I'm surprised she wasn't snapped up before you got there.
Yes, Niles saw her in the pet store and had this inexplicable attraction.
Hit Number One.
So, Dad, can I, uh, interest you in an ice-cold Ballantine?
You know, I may even join you myself. I've got some pork rinds here and some of that creamy Lipton onion soup dip!
Well, just count 'em!
Oh, don't be silly! But you know, if I ever had to, don't you think it'd be nice if you knew how to play chess?
Dad, it's not considered a move until my fingers have completely cleared the piece.
I am analyzing my options. Unlike your "wing-it" approach, I like to plan a strategy, like a general leading his troops into battle.
Gosh, that's very well done. You're really getting a feel for the game, Dad.
Sit down, old man, you're not going anywhere!
Finally, my patience will be rewarded. The trap is set. I knew this moment would come!
You know, Dad—
O.K. Yes, I guess I've had my fill as well. Well, this has really turned out to be quite a good idea, hasn't it, this chess thing?
Awfully relaxing... oh, yes, yes, you just - you just go on ahead, I-I've got - hah! - something I've got to do...
Hi, Roz.
What is the reason behind this miraculous transformation?
And what did you tell him about me?
Mad? Why should I be mad, knowing the sacred code of silence all hairdressers have sworn to?
Well, if you manage that, then you really would have a story.
Yeah, same for me, please. Listen, Niles, I need to talk to you about Dad.
Well, he's still beating me. I tell you, Niles, I just can't figure it out — I am the superior player.
If you're suggesting that I'm afraid to beat Dad, you can just stop right there.
You were saying?
I see. Yes, it's the classic Oedipal conflict. It seems so obvious now. I've been letting him win! Niles, thank you, thank you very much. I can't tell you what a relief this is. I feel like a weight has been lifted. Nothing can hold me back now. Tonight, I topple the king!
Dad? Dad, wake up, it's your turn.
Oh, come on, Dad, just one more game!
Daphne, I would rather have a tarantula lay eggs in my ear than listen to any more of this puppet show. Do we understand each other?
Eddie! Speak! Speak, Eddie!
What's going on?!
It's O.K.! My fault, false alarm. I was just a little remiss in replacing the batteries, everything's fine.
Back to bed!
Dad, you know, seeing as how we're both up, I thought maybe we should, oh I dunno, do something, you know?
Well, uh, right off the top of my head, I... well, play a little chess?
Well, sure! We're both wide awake.
Dad! I—I had no—
No, of course not! And I wouldn't have to resort to such lengths if this damn dog could learn to speak! Oh, of course, now you'll get it right! Look, Dad, would one more game kill you? I mean, you're all riled up. My God, you'll never get to sleep now anyway!
I never said that!
No, I haven't!
Oh, Dad!
All right, that explains why you can play the game, but not why you beat me every time! Now, come on, just one more game, please? Dad, look, I'll never bring it up again! Come on!
If you win, I'll give you five thousand dollars.
I took the liberty. Now, Dad, I think we can sit down and play a nice cordial little game. For centuries, people have set aside their differences to play a game of chess. So, who should go first?
OK. No more Mr. Cordial Guy!
Don't try to pull your cheap psychological tricks on me.
Oh, did I mention... the cemetery called? Apparently they have to dig a sewer next to your plot.
Getting your dog to stare at me only proves how desperate you are.
I sweat when I'm happy.
No, no, you took your finger off that piece!
Yes, you did! That means that you must not trust that move, must have left yourself vulnerable somewhere.
Oh, look at that... what's this? Could it be... checkmate? I won, I won, I really won!
No, but, I bet you wish you did now, huh? Ha-ha, it feels great!
Fine. Fine, Dad. Goodnight. Geez, lighten up! It's only a game!
Dad? Dad?
No, no, please, just one question: did you let me win?
No, no, please, did you play your best?
You wouldn't just be saying that?
Thank you, Dad.
I'm sorry I beat you, Dad.
That was the most riveting production of Wagner I have seen this season.
Dad, you'll be pleased to know that Niles and I have decided to give all your things to charity. We're donating your clothes to the blind.
Dad, I'm sure Niles is only doing this to protect Mr. Safford from himself.
I don't know, Niles, you always wanted to have a nickname. You remember your campaign to have the string section of the youth orchestra call you "Rocky?"
Well, have you talked to your husband and heard his side the story?
Well, Beth, it does seem that your fears may be well-founded, but I still think you should talk to your husband before you come to any final conclusions. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you good day, and good mental health.
Thank you, Roz. Roz, why is that light still on? Is that Beth who I was talking to?
Yes, it is!
Yes, it is!
Have you been talking to Beth?
Ho-ho, very droll.
Oh, Mr. Giroux, I'm afraid there's been some mistake. It's my brother who's connected with the case.
Well, that's very flattering, but given my brother's connection with the case, it wouldn't be very prudent for me to get involved.
You sound like my father - a man who believes that burial is a form of age discrimination.
It's highly unlikely that I would disagree with my brother's opinion.
You're a good lawyer, Mr. Giroux.
I'll see you at seven?
You were talking to my last caller.
I hope not.
Uh... yes, yes. That's quite a model railroad Mr. Safford has running through the grounds. I've never seen one on quite that scale.
Oh, yes. Yes, especially when it's bearing down on you. I got my heels stuck in the soft grass. I barely made the crossing. Tell me, how often does Mr. Safford... play with his train?
Very admirable.
Yes, well, I promise to consider all the evidence before I arrive at a conclusion.
I think I've arrived.
Dr. Frasier Crane. I don't believe I've ever seen a fire pole in a home before.
And, uh, the hat?
Well, no, I don't think I should.
I guess it is sort of fun, isn't it?
Oh, I think "nuts" is a little strong. He must have meant that your behavior might seem to most people to be a little unconventional.
Do you... speak to yourself often?
Oh, no, thank you. Thank you, I'm trying to cut down on... lollipops. Thank you. But tell me, why do you call people "Sparky"?
Oh, I'm not too sure how warmly that would be embraced by those undergoing electroshock.
Um, anyway, your son tells me that you recently sold some property at a fraction of its value.
Well, he also informed me that you recently indulged in an unorthodox, not to mention hazardous mode of travel.
Well, actually, that was my wording.
Well, why not just purchase a ticket and ride in a club car?
I think I can. Mr. Safford, what you've said makes a great deal of sense. Before we go on, there's something I have to ask you.
It's a little embarrassing.
Okay. Can I slide down that pole?
Dad, are you going to watch something now?
I don't understand.
Another inspiring tale of our men in law enforcement.
Well, suffice it to say I learned today it is unwise to slide repeatedly down a fire pole wearing woolen trousers. Daphne, would you...?
No, I'm afraid I missed that.
Niles, I have to talk to you about something. Just after the show today I was visited by a man named Mr. Giroux. He asked me to represent Mr. Safford.
I'm sorry. Given your involvement with the case, I naturally declined.
But, I did agree to see if I concurred with your analysis and speak to Mr. Safford.
I just have to tell you that I found Harlow Safford to be completely sound mind - and don't say "What?!"
Perhaps it'd be better if we spoke somewhere else.
I just don't want you to make a fool of yourself. These people came to me, they asked for my expertise.
Of which you are jealous and, I fear, the reason you took this case!
And to be on television!
Niles, you made a hasty judgment and I am sorry, but you were wrong.
Oh, your pathetic childhood issues have nothing to do with it. Face it, you were wrong! Wrong, wrong, wrong!
I spent several hours with Mr. Safford and I found his behavior to be...
You think anything that's even slightly spontaneous is aberrant.
Niles, I'm warning you. If you get up in that courtroom and say that, you will damage yourself professionally!
Fine, then you leave me no choice but to testify against you!
Good, I look forward to it!
Good!
Daphne, please. Turn down that radio. Dad is trying to watch a fight!
So, how are you holding up?
Well... it was my duty, not to mention a pleasure, to help you. But if you'd like to donate something, why don't you select a charity of your own choosing?
Good. Excuse me.
Hello, Niles. You know, it's not to late to ask them to put a big blue ball in front of your face during the broadcast. Perhaps spare you some shred of your reputation.
Oh my God! You're wearing makeup!
Dr. Revlon?
And if you had an ounce of self-awareness you would realize that your diagnosis was colored by your zeal to put your face in front of that camera. Oh, by the way, your medication is rubbing off on your collar.
Your honor, I would not presume to bore the court with a recitation of dry statistics, gerontology studies, obscure literary references.
Instead, I intend to speak from the heart. I worry about a society that has chosen to define normalcy in such narrow terms that if someone's behavior deviates ever so slightly, we question his capacity to function. Mr. Safford's seeming eccentricities - his love of trains, his generosity - they can all be readily explained.
Uh... Did you say diabetes?
Fine.. fine. Uh... we'll, uh... we'll talk about it afterwards.
My apologies, your honor. Mr. Safford and I were discussing a very sizable donation he intends to make later today to a very worthy cause. I guess his enthusiasm just got the best of him. But, it is this very generosity that his son finds so objectionable. That, and the fact that he did hop a freight train across the country. But, you see, what he sees as unstable, I see as... romantic.
I... I don't suppose there's a railroad track outside the courtroom?
Uh... doesn't Mr. Safford deserve to be a bit of a free spirit after the years of his demanding career? A career in which he wore... many hats. Um... the hat of a father, a philanthropist, a C.E.O...
In the end, it all comes down to this: can we really condemn a man for maintaining a childlike joie de vivre even in his twilight years?
I think I know where your next stop is going to be.
Now, look, Niles. Before you start gloating, let me just say this. You were right, I was wrong.
Oh, don't worry about it. I humiliated myself far more than you did today.
Obviously, you didn't see how I was tap dancing up there like an organ grinder's monkey.
I might as well have been pilloried in the town square.
Oh, stop it, Niles! We're doing it again! Niles, you have no reason to feel badly. Everyone wants to be recognized for something they're good at. And you are a good psychiatrist.
Something I can't really lay claim to after today. How could I have so misjudged that man?
Yes, but you weren't fooled. Somehow, you picked up on some tiny clue that I missed. You remember what it was?
Well, I'd like to think that I might have picked up on that one too. Still...
Thank you, Niles. You know what would cheer me up right now?
I would like to hear that summation you never got a chance to give.
Yes.
Do you care?
Well, all right then. I'm the judge! I'm the judge!
All rise.
Have we been sworn in? Yes we have, your honor. Dr. Crane, proceed.
You don't have to speak for me, Niles. I'm perfectly capable of speaking for myself.
What is that supposed to mean?
I guess I can tell you...
Well, it began with me. Last week, I was at work doing my radio show. I was on the air with a troubled young woman. She had just started telling me about a recurring dream she had since childhood.
That is amazing!
So, a girl on the other side of a glass with an urgent message.
And for some reason you're unwilling or able to receive it.
Oh, dear. Um, listen, Jill, I'm terribly sorry, but listen, I'd like to continue talking to you when we're off the air, so please don't hang up. In the meantime, listeners, I've enjoyed our time today. Tune in again tomorrow when we'll be talking with...
I hate this job. Not only do I have to put up with that annoying little sweat-sock, but when a caller comes in who has a truly fascinating problem, I'm barely even able to scratch the surface. It makes me want to run screaming back to private practice!
It was something like that.
Oh, Niles, do shut up.
Hold it, stop!
Niles, you know full well that Daphne merely told us that story, she did not act it out.
No! Just tell the story!
You know, I can't stop thinking about my last caller today. Fascinating young woman who had a recurring dream.
Yes, that would be the jewel in the crown of my career! Still, thinking about this woman has started me longing for private practice. I guess I just miss the chance to dig deep with my patients.
Oh yes, of course. I've got a list of people who've expressed interest.
You?
And I?
Working side by side?
I don't mind telling you the prospect sounds... quite exciting!
We could give seminars together.
Oh, my God, "Crane & Crane", I can see our logo already; a giant Crane hovering over a human head!
Dad, why are you laughing? Why is Dad laughing?
Two little mis-adventures and you doom us to failure.
Hold it!
Niles, tell the truth!
To "Crane & Crane"!
Well, our first day together began innocently enough...
Good morning, Dr. Crane.
Oh, Niles, why should we be so formal, there's nobody around.
It's a hi-five, Niles!
Oh, yes, please. Oh, Niles, I can't tell you how much I've missed that. The smell of the office place. Freshly oiled leather couches, the pungent coffee, the aroma of an exotic luncheon special wafting up from the cafeteria below.
Up to speed?
Well, that's very considerate of you. Just put my homework assignment in my box there.
Well, the only place it should go, actually, is right here by the couch, I think.
No, there's this desk space here by the coffee station.
It's your office, put it where you like.
Well, she said it with body language.
Forgive me for overburdening you, Dad. Could you just put those in my office, please?
Of course, Niles. If I were interested in self-promotion, I guess I'd be content with my radio show, heard every day by over half a million listeners - the Pacific Northwest and parts of Canada!
What are you doing?
I like it where it was.
I have had this plant for two years and it has never been in direct sunlight.
They are not, they've wilted a little from the ride over in the trunk of the car.
This plant is going right over...
That was an accident.
I am so tired of your exaggeration, you always make things fifteen thousand times worse than they are! I'm going to tell the story from now on!
The point is, our nerves were, well, pretty much shot by the time we conducted our first therapy group together...
Afternoon.
Guilty as charged.
But rest assured I am trained to deal with a full range issues. Everything from envy to jealousy! But, I'll just be observing today, I don't know you well enough to render any opinions yet, so just pretend I'm not here.
Hmmm...
I don't think so.
Well, since you've asked. I think in divorce we have painful feelings, which are never the less healthy feelings. We start to date too quickly and we want to be sure that that's not panacea for the pain.
Hmmm...
Well, since you've asked. It occurred to me that by waiting for five and becoming, as you said, desperate, that perhaps you were really giving yourself license to pursue the woman who reminded you of your first wife. You had to repeat the pattern.
We have an expression in psychiatry: "there are no accidents."
Dr. Crane, are you denying that most accidents happen for a reason?
Certainly a well-deserved one, considering what an insufferable prig someone has been today!
One more crack about my show and I'll put that little wooden block in a place you'll always be able to find it!
Niles, you are not scaring me... the thumb goes on the outside, Niles! On the outside!
I don't need your group! I've got a group of my own, half a million strong!
You know, I'm just a little tired of your condescending attitude. You have not missed one single opportunity to run down my show or grab a book off the shelf to help me "get up to speed!" My God, you're such a brilliant healer, you've even taken over the care of my Schefflera!
All right, fine, let's just give this little dear all the sunlight it needs!
If I were, "Doctor," you'd never know it!
If I were, "Doctor," you'd never know it!
Right here, buddy boy.
Oh, for God's sake, Niles, just get down, I'll go first. All right?
Is he in position?
You should know he catches like a girl!
Why didn't you catch him?!
It was your turn!
Yes. But there is no denying it. We are vindictive and competitive....
As so often in these cases it took someone outside our situation to point it out to us.
Well, there's no arguing with Dr. Schachter's credentials. My God, the man is an expert in his field. He graduated from the University of...
Grenada!
Oh yes, of course, his graduate work was done in... Aruba!
I knew he was a fraud the minute he opened his mouth.
Niles, we still have time to catch a late lunch!
Away we go. Oh, "Chez Shea" is just as close.
Oh, Niles. Have you lost your mind?
God, you're going to get us killed!
Oh, this is ridiculous! First the drycleaner, then the ATM, now you're making me cart you off to some restaurant!
Oh, a basket of fruit would suffice!
I'm driving!
Here. Oh, oh, great! There's a police car behind us. Please don't turn on the red light. Don't turn on the red light. Don't turn on the—
Oh, I refuse to do anything of the sort!
Hello, officer. I'm listening.
It's not what you think. See, we were just coming back from KACL, where I do my radio show.
You see, we ran a little late, because I was on with a very troubled caller, with a very complex psychological problem... on my radio show.
Drat! My cover is blown.
Oh well, thank you. It's always nice to—
Be arrested by a fan.
Roz, if you could delay ablutions? I'm in custody here!
No, no, I'm simply taking my producer to meet her date.
Question asked, question answered. I'm just going to be dropping her off, then have a cold plate of deli, and get to bed early. Almost makes you feel sorry for me, doesn't it?
Don't you hate to work on your birthday?
Thank you.
I'm listening.
Do you sense a little moment there?
Well, between me and that very attractive officer. It just felt like there was something there.
Now, just a minute. We'll see if she's watching me. If she's watching me, she's interested. Oh, yes! She's turning around, she's looking up!
Oh, yes. I've cast my spell.
Oh, why bother? I made the same wish last year, it didn't come true.
Oh, what a surprise. Look, they're lighting again! What sorcerer's magic is this? You know, Dad, I had a nice little birthday bonus today. On my way home, I was pulled over for speeding by a very pretty policewoman, who let me off. I got the distinct impression that she found me attractive. Now, that sort of thing happens, doesn't it?
Oh, ha, ha. I'm telling you, there was something there, though. Well, of course the whole conversation's academic. I don't even know her name. I suppose I could call down to the police station and try to find out who was on traffic duty. But, uh, I don't suppose they'd give that sort information to a civilian. You'd have to have some... conduit to the police department, an insider who could break that damnable code of silence!
You, Dad? Why, I didn't even think of—
You know, I haven't felt such an instant attraction to a woman in quite some time. Well, considering the difference in our backgrounds, it's really rather puzzling.
Blanchett and Fourth.
Thanks, Dad.
Well, I don't know. A police bar? If I go in there alone, I'll stand out like a sore thumb!
Oh, all right, I'll go! Give me a second, I'll put some fresh collar-stays in, and-oh, oh, I've got a fabulous brand-new cashmere jacket I've been dying to premiere!
I don't know.
No, that's not Maureen.
Oh, there she is!
Oh well! Oh my God, fancy seeing you here!
Oh, you remember me?
Roz.
Oh, uh, this is my father.
Let me get them. I'm a beer drinker myself, what about you?
Here we are! Three beers. Good news, there was a fly in one glass, so these are free!
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, that'd be great.
Bye.
Well, I think that went very well, don't you?
Hi, Dad.
Yeah. Where are you going?
What are you gonna do?
When are you gonna be home?
Well, you put a dent in the car, young man, it's coming out of your allowance!
Daphne. Charlotte, Maggie.
Please, sit down.
Oh, I am. But, uh, not for a couple of hours yet.
Ah, well, I see I've been quite the hot topic over the teapot.
Yes, well, if you must know, I was planning to go down there, but not for a couple of days yet.
Well, women don't really like men that are too overeager.
Well, McGinty's is on my way to the station. I suppose I could just pop my head in. Thank you, ladies, for your support — even if it was nakedly self-serving and insincere.
Dad, I can't believe you're doing this!
Believe me, I did not put him up to this, though I think he's overselling me a little. I'm not the greatest guy in the world. Seattle, maybe.
Oh, I'm just joking. OK, Dad, thanks for warming her up for me. I can take over here.
I know you might think this is one of those wildly embarrassing moments where I'm standing here with egg on my face. I assure you, I'm not as embarrassed as you might assume I would be embarrassed. I'm not uncomfortable, so please, don't you be uncomfortable either.
Whatever!
You asked her out?!
There's no use lying to me. I am at the lowest point I could possibly be, so please just tell me the truth!
Going down!
Niles? Niles knows?
Well, is there? "Something there?"
Well... it's not as if we were standing side-by-side when she chose you. I was at the bar! If you'd gone to get the drinks, things would have been different.
Dad, I'm drowning here. Please, throw me a line!
No, no, no, Dad! I'll be OK, really. Well... the old dog's still got it in him, huh?
Oh no, Dad, Dad, don't sell yourself short. You've got a lot to offer. Well, I'd better head off to work. Goodnight, Dad.
Damn!
Oh, just wonderful. Forty-three is off to a rousing start. Remember that policewoman I was interested in?
Well, she's dating my father!
Mmm-hmm!
I spent the last hour wandering the streets, trying to take assessment of my life. Do you know how long it's been since I've slept with a woman? Seven months!
All right, nine months!
Oh sure, fine, you can't spare me five minutes to talk about my problems, when every day I drop what I'm doing to be your personal Wailing Wall. "Frasier, he stopped calling me." "Frasier, he wants his key back." "Frasier, his girlfriend is having me followed!"
Nine long, long, months.
You know who that woman was?
Edna, from Accounting.
The next day, she dumped me! I tell you, Roz, I'm starting to feel nostalgic for that summer in my twenties when I was impotent!
The only comfort I have now is knowing that my humiliation can't possibly get any worse!
Hi, Edna.
Oh, Niles, good morning.
Daphne, has Bebe Glazer called back yet?
Well, a barracuda is what you want in an agent, Niles. It's just that the station's been sold, I was hoping she might have some scuttlebutt on the new owner.
I must admit she's rather hard to get a hold of these days.
Hello, Roz.
What have you got on the new owner?
Yeah?
Excuse me, could we get back to the subject at hand, please?
Dad, Wilford S. Boone-
Please, Roz, I just can't say that yet, alright? - Wilford S. Boone owns thirty radio stations across the country. If he likes you he's been known to syndicate your show nationwide. So, I'm trying to find out if we have anything in common - an angle, if you will. So what are his interests, Roz?
Oh dear God, I'm sucking up to Yosemite Sam!
Great idea, Roz. Why don't we just start the show off with a segment on how to get in touch with your inner young'un.
What's going on?
He fell for that?
Oh Gil, you've been had. The new station owner isn't Greek, he's from Texas.
Uh, Mr Boone?
Pleasure to see you. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. This is Roz Doyle, Gil Chesterton and...
Oh, no, don't be silly, Mr. Boone.
Don't be silly, Big Willy.
Oh, congratulations.
Oh lord, that is a very bad habit.
Well, I'll certainly try. Just keep in mind, though, addiction is fraught with many complex issues. Length of habit, motivation...
Consider it done.
That's me, Dr. Frasier Crane, bimbo wrangler.
Oh, Bebe.
Well, yes.
Oh, he thinks I'm some sort of a magician. He wants me to play therapist to his little fianceé. No doubt some gold- digging piranha so devoid of scruples that she's willing to rob the coffin and just...
Oh, dear God!
I'm sure you do. I'm afraid there won't even be a wedding if you can't get rid of that rotten habit, and he's just ordered me to see that you do!
Just that all-important last puff.
In... three days?
Excellent progress, Bebe! You've really dived into the emotional void that is the route of your addiction. Your fear of abandonment, your fear that those you trust will suddenly turn their backs when you expect them to... Excuse me.
If I had a dime for every time... well... Niles!
Thank you Niles, but why so many?
Well, the next time you go back be sure to buy me a thousand swordfish so I can use these up!
That's my girl.
Yes, Niles?
How can you know that? You hardly spoke to her.
She always looks like that, she's an agent.
That means she would have to stay here for the weekend.
She's trying to quit smoking.
Not to worry dad, there is no reason she has to stay for the weekend. Bebe and I made a real breakthrough today. If you don't believe me, just come on into the kitchen and you'll see that I'm right.
All right Niles, secure the door! Bebe, you are not going anywhere, you're staying for the weekend. Now give me that purse.
Very well.
Oh, stop it!
Now, now Dad, it's flattering to Daphne that Bebe finds her food so tasty.
No, please, please. Let's all try to remain supportive Bebe. I think she's really doing rather well.
Niles, Big Willy's eighty-five, he's on his third pacemaker.
Well, this is very good, Bebe. You're already identifying those moments that trigger your worst cravings.
No, really. Perhaps it would help to know that you're not alone. Dad is an ex-smoker. Dad, can you tell us about those moments you crave a cigarette most?
Oh now, Bebe, tell me. What is so wonderful about smoking?
What the hell's going on out here?
Daphne, give me those.
I'll get you a towel. My God, it's five-thirty in the morning! Dad!
Have you people all lost your minds? Alright, now listen, get back to bed, every one of you!
Oh, get her! Stop that woman!
Bebe, you will not be allowed to smoke a cigarette in this house! No, no, don't even think about it! All right, just give me those!
All right now, that's it! Back to bed!
Oh my God, you're insane, woman!
Hand them over!
Big Willy, hello! No, no, it's not too early, everybody's up! Well, you know, there have been a few minor setbacks, but I'm keeping on top of her, yeah. Oh yeah, I know she'd love to say hi, hang on.
Yes, sir? Oh, oh, really? No, no, I'm very flattered. Yes, of course, I'd love to, I'll talk to you this evening. Bye-bye. Thank you, Daphne. All right, now listen up! He thinks I'm very gifted.
He thinks I'm wasting my talents in just one city! My God, woman, he wants to take me national, don't you get it? Unless YOU ruin it for me!
Well, don't be too hard on yourself, Bebe. After all, addiction to Nicotine is a very, very difficult... hey, wait a minute. This pack is half-empty!
For God's sake... I don't care anymore. You know, I can't help you, nobody can. You want to ruin it for both of us? Here, go ahead, knock yourself out. I only wish I could be there when it happens.
When you see that newspaper headline: "Big Willy Boone, Millionaire, Dead."
Oh, how I wish I could be there when you watch the funeral on the news. Watch the casket being slipped into the ground. Only, you won't be watching that. No, no, you'll be watching... the widow Boone. Tiffany, perhaps. Oh no, better yet, "Kelli" - with an "I"!
You'll picture her wearing YOUR jewels, sailing in YOUR yachts, sleeping with YOUR gigolos - but, oh, you won't be sad, no, no, no! Because you'll have your cigarette.
Yeah! Clutched in your nicotine-stained teeth, smoke whirling about your once-pretty, now creased, leathery, smoke-ravaged...
There was no wedding.
Well, you might say things hit a bit of a snag.
Oh will you get a grip, Roz?!
Well, they were halfway down the aisle - Big Willy beaming proudly, Bebe radiant, supporting Big Willy on her arm - when suddenly he clutched his heart, and his head slumped against Bebe's shoulder. Of course we were all concerned at first, but then suddenly it seemed like he was all right because they kept moving on down the aisle. But if you looked carefully, you could see Bebe's little biceps bulging through her wedding gown, and I swear I noticed daylight between Big Willy's dress boots and the carpet. Well, once they got up to the minister the jig was pretty well up, despite Bebe's valiant attempts to animate his features by twisting the loose skin at the back of his neck. You know, I've never seen a woman more crushed.
Bebe, dear? Please, come on in. That's a girl. All right, let me have a look at you. Come on, here we are.
Well, I don't really blame you, dear. You know, Roz and I are both upset too. You know, look at it this way: at least you're no worse off than you were before.
Well, you know, Bebe, there are other Big Willys out there, better ones! Richer, older... Impotent!
Oh Bebe, really... Look, Roz! It's a gold Rolex! Oh my goodness...
Bebe... where did you get this?
Go ahead, Tom. I'm listening.
Well, how long have you two been together?
And the sex is still that good?
Well, common interests are of course the foundation of... three times, you say?
Well, uh, no, no, it's not abnormal. It's not fair, but it's not abnormal.
Um, but you know, perhaps you share more things than you think you do actually. I'll tell you what, try this: why don't you pick up a catalogue from a local university, go through it with her and see if there are any courses you'd like to take together?
Well, I'd wish you the same but it hardly seems necessary.
Well, that's it for today, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you all good mental health.
I'll call him from the car. He's flying to a conference in Switzerland; I promised to talk him through it.
Well, not coach!
Roz, is this the dress you're wearing to the wedding?
Is there a reason it has to be so, so...?
Not the Dairy State's comeliest chunk of cheddar?
Oh, well, we don't need Freud for that, do we?
Well, do you want me to answer as a friend, or a therapist?
See a therapist.
Well, Roz, I think your whole problem stems from some unresolved issues that cause you to choose the men you date. Always flashy and superficial, offering no prospect of a lasting relationship.
Maybe fear of commitment, fear of being hurt. But maybe it's time you started looking at different kinds of men. You know, men who are more settled, a little less flash and more substance.
Oh, thank you, Bulldog.
Well, I'm going to record my father. I'm going to have his life on tape so Frederick can enjoy it in years to come.
Well, Roz, it's only for a few hours. After that you can donate it to the Salvation Army... and one day make some Irish drag queen very happy.
Good Lord, is it placenta treatment time again already?
What is it? What's the matter?
Oh, God.
Well, it's a tricky subject, isn't it? How long have you been seeing him?
Oh puh-leease! A hundred and fifty!
Well, I would say eleven, but I get your point.
Good God! He's here to see Roz?
Niles, you don't understand. She-she's been very vulnerable lately.
I've got to warn her!
But-but-
Oh... of course, of course, you're right, I won't. But that is the last man that Roz should be with!
Oh, Roz!
Frasier Crane, pleasure.
Oh, why not??
Well, Roz, let's not rule out that all-important third look.
Oh hey, Dad! Fresh from your walk? I think now is as good a time as any to crank up the ol' camcorder.
Oh Dad, you've been saying "no" for weeks now!
All you have to do is just sit here and talk about your life.
I can't believe you're refusing to record your history, the story that only you, Martin Crane, can tell, because it gives you the creeps!
I don't know why you're being so negative about this. It's not really for when you're dead. It's for when you've lost your mind.
Oh hello, Roz! Why, after waiting for forty-five minutes, did I assume you'd forgotten our appointment?
Oh yes... Ben.
It's just that I know something about Ben...
He's a little old for you.
Exactly my point! When you were a freshman, he was a senior. That never works out! I'm getting my briefcase!
Oh, Ben, Ben, Ben! My God, Roz, would you just drop it with Ben for a minute and pay some attention to me?
Morning, Roz!
Hey, you look lovely, that colour's very flattering!
You know, I think this calls for a hug!
No, no, no, no, Roz. Look! My God, the ratings are in, and we did better in our timeslot this week than ever before! Congratulations, partner!
Why don't we have dinner tonight, celebrate?
I should have known. Another time, perhaps.
Uh... tomorrow, Bulldog. Well, maybe tonight you could just have a police sketch artist crouch on your balcony.
Oh I'm, I'm sorry, Roz. I should have knocked.
I couldn't help overhearing the last part of your conversation there. You think you're not rushing things a little bit with Ben? Are you really that serious?
But you know, there are a lot of men in the world.
Well, that's more of a personal preference but I...
Well, it's just that you've only been going out for a month!
Of course I'm happy for you.
Me and my stupid advice... will be with you for the next three hours, Seattle!
Hello.
Niles, actually I'm glad you're here. I have to talk to you about Roz.
Niles, please, I've gotten desperate!
Niles, she plans to tell him that she loves him tonight! From what you told me about Ben's patterns, that will be the end of it and Roz will be shattered. God, there has got to be some loophole in this confidentiality rule that will allow me to warn her and still preserve your ethics. Niles! Help me look through these textbooks!
Please, Niles! Think of Roz!
Well then, think of what Freud said! "We are never so helplessly unhappy as when we lose love."
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I know, I know. Thank you.
Say, here's a possibility. According to this, it says we can warn her if he means to do her bodily harm. Does he?
Damn!
Go on...
She did attack a vending machine once, when a Twinkie came out of the Oreo chute.
Well, she often claims that she is responsible for the success of our show.
She once ordered a bottle of white Zinfandel!
It's amazing they even let the woman drive!
It's Frasier!
Oh my God! What happened?
Oh, oh, honey! I - come here. Oh God...
Oh I'm... I'm sorry, Roz. Here.
When you... when you professed your love for him, uh... were you dressed like that?
Oh Roz, no, no! Now, now, come on!
Come on! Now look, look, you know, I find that whenever I'm low, it always lifts my spirits when I just spruce up a bit. It wouldn't hurt to run a brush through your hair... or through your teeth.
No, no, not at all.
Well, actually, I was coming over here to take one last stab at convincing you that Ben was the wrong man for you. You deserve someone better, Roz.
Oh, now, things really aren't all as dark as they seem. You know, you're a-a beautiful, intelligent, desirable...
Why don't you let me just take a stab at that, will you? I can't imagine any man not thinking himself the luckiest in the world to be with you.
Yes, and I'm surprised you even had to ask me that.
What?
Daphne told you that?
No, no, I'm not. It's just that when she said that...
Well, then... there's no point in denying it, is there?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Roz. Uh, you know, it's just that there are so many...
Exactly my point!
Yes yes, lots of time.
Well, I do say that, yes. It's true, but...
We're very good friends.
Oh well, in my case, painfully free.
Now that you mention it, my relationship with you is probably the best one I've ever had with a woman! Not that it's been much of a horse race, but...
Here's hoping the next time you tell a man you love him, he says it back.
I love you too, Roz. You gonna be alright?
Well, I'd better run.
No, no, I'll-I'll stay if you like!
See you tomorrow, Roz.
Oh, Niles. To what do we owe this pleasure?
Niles, is this going to be a long story?
Walk-and-talk.
Oh yes, I do, actually. Saved my life last year when Eddie licked my Liechtenstein! I'll get you his card.
Oh, sadly, no. The radio station is subjecting my program to something they call a "focus group" this afternoon. Dinner, perhaps?
Well, they actually drag a pack of people off the street and make them listen to my program, and then dutifully record their opinions about it.
Oh, absolutely. Can you imagine Sigmund Freud being dragged into a roomful of Viennese laymen to hear remarks like, "hate that Oedipal thing, but, oh, love the penis envy!" I mean, really! The worst thing is that they may change my show in deference to the opinion of Joe Six-Pack!
That sound you hear is a nail being hammered into my coffin.
Just as nature intended.
Niles, what was that all about?
Are you saying you that enjoyed fighting with Daphne?
Niles, is this going to be a long description?
Walk-and-talk.
By showering a reluctant girlfriend with gifts, Billy, you're applying a band-aid to a gaping wound. My advice is to find someone who will return your worthy affection, or your wallet, as well as your bed, will be empty. I see we're out of time. Thank you for listening. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you all good mental health.
Now, Roz, relax. We do a perfectly good show. We're not going to change it one iota. Only a fool would listen to the opinion of every Tom, Dick, and Harry.
On the other hand, it's good to keep an open mind.
Well, I just don't know how much more of this I can listen to!
Well, who is this cheeky nonconformist?
"I just don't like him." Hmm...
Bulldog, I thought they were testing your show across the hall?
Bulldog—
Oh, stop it!
Oh, that's disgusting!
Fine, I guess.
Yes, well, it's one thing to say that. It's another to sit there being personally attacked! One man actually said, "I just don't like him."
Well, all the other eleven had nothing but high praise.
I wish I was able to talk to this man and ask him what it is about me that he doesn't like. But, I-I can't, you see, he was told that his comments would be kept confidential.
Well, what is it he doesn't like about me? My voice, my manner, do I intimidate him?
Well, you know, Dad, I'd like to think I've matured a bit since then. But, you know, you would have sulked too, if you'd read in the paper, "Mr. Crane's attempts to gyrate his hips as Conrad, the teen idol in 'Bye-Bye, Birdie,' made this reviewer say, 'Bye-bye, breakfast!'"
All right now, Daphne, just a moment! Just try to remember what you're like when you're arguing with Joe. Consider Niles's situation. He's separated. You can't imagine the emotional see-saw he's on. Not to mention the fact that he may be unaware that he's acting like a complete jackass!
Well, just consider it payback for the headline, "Crane's 'Birdie' Lays An Egg!"
I suppose my negative baggage is just a pound or two over the weight limit.
This is good! This is healthy! I'm letting go!
There he is. The man who... doesn't like me.
I'm sorry, Dad. It's just that "I just don't like him," it's not specific enough. Why doesn't he like me?
Well, if his point was valid, I would do something about it. If it's not, well, then I could dismiss it.
I can't. He's not supposed to know I was part of the focus group. You, Dad! You could go talk to him for me.
All I want is more information. Dad, please? Please go talk to him for me?
O.K., fine. Oh, but wait, wait, wait! Now you can't just walk up there and ask him. He'll know that I sent you. Got to find some artful way introducing the subject.
All right, I've got it, I've got it. You're a business man in town from Chicago. No, no, it's too obvious. Uh, from Cleveland. No would ever pretend to be from Cleveland.
Wait, wait, we're not through yet! Yes, you've had a bad sales month, and you're a little depressed. You happen to see an add for my show on the side of a bus, and you were wondering if I'm as intelligent as I look.
Oh, just word it your own way. Are we clear on this now?
Yes, Dad, eat! Honestly, sometimes you can get so obsessed about things!
Good. Did he believe my story?
Right. So, uh, Dad, what doesn't he like about me?
Yes, how so?
What do you mean you didn't ask him?
I'm sorry, Dad, but I have no idea what "he's annoying" means!
I'm just going to have to do this myself!
Thank you.
Hello.
Uh, yes, yes, you were recently speaking with a salesman from Cleveland.
It was just five minutes ago. He left you and went over to that car waiting right over there. You see?
Yes, yes, it is. I'm so sorry, I really don't mean to bother you but I would like to talk to you for a minute.
Oh, no.
That man was my father—
Oh, that's very nice of you, but you see, you told him that, uh, you find me annoying. Yes, yes, you did, and that's all right. I don't mind constructive criticism. It's just that I wish you could be a bit more specific. What exactly is it about me that you find so annoying?
Yes, I am! Would I be here if I wasn't?
Oh, no, no, please!
I'm so sorry.
Let me help you with that.
Manu?
Oh, dear God! I'm so sorry! Are you all right? Let me look at it, let me look at it—
Look, I am a doctor.
Right, you know, I'll hold down the fort here! Glad to be of help!
Oh, good lord. Smoking in the worst places!
Ah, yes, uh, well, that would be oh, fifty cents. Thank you so much. There we are.
Why, yes, I am.
Oh, occupational hazard.
Oh, I wouldn't mind at all.
Amanda, it's a pleasure.
Oh, oh, well you see, let me explain, you see. The, uh, radio station conducted a little audio survey today, and although the response was favorable from eleven out of twelve of the participants—
Well, some people might consider it smoking, but you see, for me—
Uh, may I? Look, I know there's nothing I can say right now that would make you feel any better, but rest assured, I will be financially responsible for everything.
Well, you were kind of vague.
Was that so hard?
This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you all good mental health.
Oh, Roz! Oh, this is so much fun, Roz! I got you one too!
Look, don't oversell it, Roz. It's a tape. "The Dr. Frasier Crane Show: Show #1, May 21st, 1993."
Oh, Roz! I can't wait to listen to it! Did you ever think I'd stay on the air this long?
Yes, it's from Hallmark's "Irony" section.
You deserve them. Working side by side for three years, one can't help but become close friends. And they're blue! To match your... lips when they're cold!
Oh, I understand. All right.
Daphne! Where's my dressing gown?!
That better not be a long-distance call!
No, not at all. I think you're a terrible liar, Daphne, but a perfectly run-of-the-mill daughter.
Well, that makes sense.
Well, it sounds like an easy decision, Daphne — Hasta luego.
Well, Daphne, that is one of those questions that make life so rich... and psychiatrists richer.
Good afternoon, Seattle. My name is Dr. Frasier Crane. If you can feel, I can heal.
Fasten your seat belt, Eddie. It's going to be a bumpy ride.
Hello. You're on the air with Dr. Frasier Crane. "Put your head in my hands."
"Little owlet in the glen, I am ashamed of you, You are ungrammatical in speaking as you do, You should say, 'to whom, to whom,' not 'to who, to who.' Your little friend, Miss Katydid, may be green, 'tis true, But you never heard her say—" Who the hell are you?
What? Producer?
Yes, yes, but, uh, where's Dave?
But I was comfortable with Dave.
But I did a mock show with Dave. I did mock-call-in's, mock commercials, mock news bulletins!
All right, look, Miss Doyle, I'm sure you're quite capable, but Dave has fifteen years of experience. I'd really prefer that he do it.
I really think I should call management and ask for Dave, it's not really fair to Dave or to me.
Why? We were here until 2 A.M. this morning, as I explained to Dave in meticulous detail my philosophy optimal mental health!
No! No, no, as I explained to Dave before, there will be no call-screening. You see, I want my show to be fresh and spontaneous, and call screening squelches all of that.
Good afternoon, Seattle. My name is Dr. Frasier Crane. "If you can feel, I can heal."
Let's see who's on line one! Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. "You're on the couch."
Well, I meant on the metaphorical couch.
Uh, moving on then, um, how can I help you?
No, no, please, please, dear friend, you must - I'm really here to help you. Please, go ahead.
Well, you know, often in these cases, it helps if you restate your problem. But this time, try boiling it down to one succinct sentence. Now, how would you do that?
Well, perhaps we should go back to the wordy version. Uh, we'll be right back after these important messages.
Are you trying to get transferred?
Oh, well, this is a match made in heaven then, isn't it?!
"Don't be offended." Why should I be offended? In the last week, I've uprooted myself from my home of fifteen years, moved all the way across the country away from everything I care about, and plunged myself into a frightening new career! The first few nerve-wracking moments, I walk in here and find my producer lobbying to get herself transferred to another show! Abe Lincoln had a brighter future when he picked up his tickets at the box office!
Duly noted.
Bye, Roz.
Oh, Niles!
Well, the radio station's right across the street. I did my first show today.
Niles, aren't you going to join me?
Niles, I've seen you once in the last two years.
I remember your fourth birthday party. Grandmother took us to the park to ride the carousel, and made all those little children wait while you wiped off your painted pony.
Well, uh... oh, uh, thanks again for dinner the other night with Maris. You two seem very happy.
Oh, yes.
I'll have a black coffee.
I hope I never see the day when I am so frightfully pretentious that a good-old cup of American coffee isn't good enough for me.
I haven't been to see him yet.
Well, I've been very busy, what with settling into the new apartment, unpacking...
Geez, I know I should, Niles. But I'm really in such a vulnerable state right now. The last thing I need is Seattle's reigning sourpuss taking potshots at me.
Yes!
Niles, I visited him in the hospital. He made his roommate cry, and the man was in a coma.
You know, I'd forgotten what a weird little person you are.
Thanks, Dad. So, big game?
I do.
Thanks, Dad.
You filthy liar! You said he'd changed!
No, thanks, Dad.
So...
Oh, actually, I drove.
Uh, Eighty.
Darn. So, Dad, did you listen to my show today?
That's all right.
Well, uh, kind of rocky. Spent a good part of the day puzzling over the proper signature line to use to introduce myself.
Well, you know, I'm looking for something that's familiar but not a cliché, you know, something that's memorable but not too gimmicky... You know, it doesn't really matter if it's got something to—Dad, please, I'm trying to have a conversation, it's hard with the TV on.
I'm trying to describe to you my dilemna with that phrase—
That's it! "I'm listening!" That's fabulous! Have you got a pencil somewhere?
"I'm listening." Dad - oh, I love that!
You're leaving?
Dad, I haven't seen you in two years, I stopped by and you're leaving in ten minutes?
At least I'm making the effort.
Dad, you know you're painting an awfully bleak picture here. Ever since I moved to Boston, I've come home at least three or four times a year. It's just lately things got a little hectic, and I haven't been able to come home as often.
No. The point is that we're here now, together. I don't want this night to end before we've at least tried to have one real conversation. Will you at least try, Dad? Will you just sit down with me for a while and let's try, please?
So, uh, you know, I'd forgotten how much it really does rain here.
Makes things green.
My darling, I would have thought that old fascination would wear off by now.
Oh, hey, guys.
Well, thank you. Dad, how did you know?
You listened to my show?
And you didn't turn me off.
Faint praise, and yet it thunders in my ears!
Let's go, let's go!
Oh, fellas, hold the elevator for me.
Daphne?
I was just thinking about our discussion earlier this afternoon, and I've decided to give you an extra week off. That way you can go to Manchester, and Acapulco.
Well, I've just realized that being part of a family is really worth the effort. And very often the effort... means you'll need a week in Acapulco, so...
You're welcome.
Well, that's a good way of thinking. You know, things can get better.
Still... would you mind leaving those brochures of Acapulco out for me?
Well, we have time for one more caller. Roz?
Hello, Ed, I'm listening. Ed? Ed? Well, we seem to have lost Ed. Let's take another caller. On line four we have.... Roz?
Roz?
We have....
Eye...
Lean. Oh, Eileen. Hello Eileen, I'm listening.
Well, that's perfectly normal. It's quite normal to spice up one's love life by imagining a tryst with, oh, a sports figure or a movie star or...
Excuse me?
Oh, I don't know, Eileen.
Oh, well I don't really think that's appropriate...
Roz, I don't think...
Well, this is Dr. Frasier Crane feeling a little red in his chiseled cheeks. Till tomorrow then, this is KACL 780 AM.
Roz, that was quite a flattering description. You know, just out of curiosity: were you just helping that lady with her fantasy or do you really see me that way?
Are you through?
All right Roz, I will see you tomorrow.
No, no, no, just tell them that my aunt died. I'm off to her lawyer’s now, she put me in charge of her memorial.
Oh, don't be, she was a dreadful old harpy. Life around her was miserable.
Well, I don't mean any disrespect but you know, the entire time I knew her she never said anything to me that wasn't scornful, derisive or contemptuous.
I was her favourite!
Dad, I thought we had an agreement: Eddie doesn't roll around on the sofa and I don't throw him in front of a bus!
Yes, apparently Niles makes the ladies self-conscious.
Apparently, it was Aunt Louise's wish that Niles dispose her ashes.
Yes, what about the Christmas tree I bought her?
"Is that the best you can do? It wobbles!"
It's two weeks after tomorrow. Lucky lucky me, her last request was that I deliver the eulogy.
There aren't any!
No Daphne, I refuse to invent virtues the woman didn't have. I'll just have to find something good I can honestly say about her.
My guess is she finally made it.
Shoebox?
Tell us, dad, what's in the shoe box?
Oh gee, dad, why did you never tell us about this?
Very poetic.
Lord, this shoebox is full of them. "I didn't mean to hurt her, she made me lose my mind".
Well, Niles and I do. You've got the tune in your head, why don't you let us write it down for you?
Dad, come on. Yeah, you're probably right. You just sit there night after night watching TV until the time finally comes when we collect your ashes and scatter them over that chair - where they'll probably go unnoticed.
Dad, dad, in Niles's defense, after four hours your "ba-bap- ba-ba-a-a-a's sound a lot like your "scoopety, boop, bop, bam!" Right, Niles, let's just try it again.
She's such a groovy lady, She makes my heart go heidi-hiedi, She is the chick I spend my nights dreaming off...
Niles. Dad, I don't mean to criticise. You know that "heidi-hiedi?" It sounds like Cab Calloway sung backwards.
No, no: "She makes the bravest cat go 'fraidy!"
Very nice Daphne, no.
Her lips are red as ruby, She makes my heart go scooby dooby, She is the broad who makes me coo-coo in the heart.
Well?
Never too late.
I can't even come up with a first line. I got this old photo album, probably one of her pictures might inspire me.
No, I refuse to lie.
I'm not sure that, "Stop crying, or I'll give you something to cry about" would qualify.
Oh, bless you, Daphne. Are you sure you're up to coming to the memorial?
Very commendable.
Oh dear Lord, Niles, don't tell me you haven't disposed those ashes yet.
Well, winter's coming. The sidewalks are always slippery. I'm having the same problem with the eulogy!
Niles, I think you might be right.
All right. Perhaps I'll have some inspiration on the way over in the car.
Fine.
What am I going to say at this memorial?
You write lyrics, don't ya?
Oh, dad, it's a good sing. I even caught myself singing it in the shower this morning.
Just because you haven't heard anything yet doesn't mean... you have heard something?
Oh, I'm sorry, dad.
Well, you know, at least you gave it your best shot.
Oh, you are so helpless! For Pete's sake, give it to me, give it to me.
Well, well, well. What can I say about Aunt Louise? What can I say? Louise... touched us all. In fact, she touches us still. Aunt Louise... loved to teach us all lessons. You know, it's hard to picture her without hearing her saying, "I'm going to teach you a lesson." What particularly comes to mind, by the very way she lived her own life: she taught us how important it is to pursue our dreams. Whether we succeed or fail, what really matters is that we tried. And now as we say goodbye to Louise, a phrase comes to mind. It was coined by my very own father... "She's Such A Groovy Lady."
I said, "She's Such A Groovy Lady."
Hello, Niles.
What for?
Oh, then the rumours were true?
Oh, just give me a minute, Niles. Just sit tight, huh? And we're back. Before we take our last call, I'd like to remind you that Mercy Hospital will be conducting free blood pressure testing this Saturday on Whidbey Island.
Hypertension leads to strokes, heart disease and other maladies, so we should all be on the lookout for symptoms like shortness of breath, quickening of pulse, irritability- Oh, will you just shove the damn thing into your mouth! - So let's all join together to help defeat this silent killer.
Roz, who is on the line?
Hello, Mac, welcome to Seattle, I'm listening.
Well, you have my sympathy. There's nothing more irritating than pointless and pretentious erudition. My advice to you is to simply avoid him, is that possible?
Well, that's one on me, or rather one on me and my call screener, Roz, whose ancestors were once heard remarking, "Oh, what a nice wooden horse, of course I'll sign for it." This is Dr. Frasier Crane wishing you good mental health.
How many times have I asked you to desist with your adolescent antics?
I mean it, I'll go over your head!
Do you believe these hijinks I have to put up with?
Oh, run along.
Miss Costas, I'd like you to meet my brother, Dr. Niles Crane.
Oh Kate, can I have a word with you?
Yes, well, it'll just take a moment.
Yes, I've tried dealing with this problem on my own but Bulldog insists on interrupting my show with his foolish pranks.
Yes, well I did not spend eight gruelling years at Harvard to be mocked by that juvenile jackass!
Oh, he's beyond shameless!
Well, I'm sure you'll mention your alma mater too some day - when it's credited!
No, I'm sorry.
Just make sure he understands that...
Two syllables every homeowner loves to hear upon entering the door. Would that have anything to do with the fact that you're feeding my imported foie gras to a dog?
Oh, well, heaven forbid that Eddie should ever work a nerve! When Niles gets here we'll have sherry and snausages!
I'm the one who's had a hard day. How come no one ever brings me tranquilizers?
Hello?
I'm sorry, I am expecting him if you'd like to leave a message.
Well, perhaps I can help. I'm Niles's brother, Dr. Frasier Crane, and as luck would have it I was in an all-male version of "The Mikado" at Oxford. People still ask to see my Yum- Yum.
Well, let me see. Well, of course my falsetto isn't what it used to be but, um... "Three little maids from school are we, prim as a school girl well may be, filled to the brim with girlish glee, three little maids from school!"
Dad, would you please be quiet? I'm trying to settle a bet here.
Well, Dad, I'm glad to see that you're amused, having your own son humiliated publicly.
That is not exactly a miracle transformation when it comes to Chopper Dave, a man whose life work consists of looking down at the freeway and saying, "Crowded"; "Not Crowded."
To the station!
Thank you, Dad. That also clears up a question that's troubled me for years concerning the night you were shot!
I warned you.
I don't believe you.
I want to talk to Kate now!
Oh, very clever, "she's not in." Like that'll make me go away!
She's not in!
You promised you'd put an end to Bulldog's shenanigans and instead you encouraged him. You're cancelling "Pet Chat With Nanette"?! She's been on for six years.
So, you would have me ridiculed for the sake of those hyenas!
Funny?! Funny!?
I refuse to engage in a battle of wits with a man who's favourite t-shirt reads "Seattle Hooter Inspector"!
I am a doctor, I went... ...to medical school! I will not embarrass myself by engaging in a grab for ratings.
Kate, this is not over!
I am sick and tired of people telling me that!
Three little maids from school are we, three little maids from school!
You would think that in a city with this much rain that people would develop an etiquette about it, but no! They buy umbrellas that are too big for them, you have to walk into the street to get around them and then they drive too close to the curb so that you're sure to get splashed! And they wear brown shoes with white socks!
Nothing! But I mean, really, get a fashion sense!
No, they didn't.
It turned out the station manager is encouraging Bulldog's little pranks. Now she wants me to return his fire on the air. Well, I thought the idea was absurd at first but now I'm starting to warm to it.
You know, you're right, Niles. If I have to fight cheap and dirty on his own turf, then I will!
And what is that supposed to mean?
And, I'm not funny?
I don't believe this!
Now, you see, dad, I made you laugh.
You know, just because I haven't caused anyone to blow beer through their nostrils doesn't mean that I can't. Anyone who can compose a clever ballad can certainly master the intricacies of the whoopee cushion!
All right, you just tune into Bulldog's show tomorrow. Pop open a beer and prepare for a Budweiser geyser!
Here it comes, Roz, the hilarity ensues!
It was just as difficult to be the lookout! Stop whining!
No, no, it's even better. Even better that she will be an eyewitness to my little jape!
Roz! Any news?
Why not?
Oh, they're not only beneath me, they're beyond me. I'm going to accept my limitations, and be satisfied to merely be witty and urbane. Even my most barbed comments never drew blood! Oh God, I feel sick.
I'm going to tell her the truth.
I've got to unburden myself.
I'll keep your name out of it!
Kate, I see that your strength is back. I brought you some flowers.
You know, people use that word "psychotic" an awful lot these days. A kid steals a candy bar, suddenly he's a psychotic.
Are you sure that's enough? Make sure that all goes in!
Well, Kate, I came here for a reason.
No, but if someone had, I would have forgiven him, just as I'm sure you will forgive...
Well, I'm sure the poor misguided prankster that perpetrated this evil deed really had no ill will in mind. It wasn't his... or her... You know, that Nanette from "Pet Chat," she had a real axe to grind!
What?
You giggled.
What?
What's funny?
What?
Oh, oh, the shot's kicking in, isn't it?
You know, Kate, maybe now would be a good time...
You want to hear something really funny?
Kate, Kate, before you go to sleep, there's just one last funny thing I want to tell you...
I put the lizard in the box.
Oh, God! It's alive!
Well, I, it was meant for Bulldog. It was all an accident, I never intended to...
Kate? Kate?
NURSE!
Roz, who's our last caller?
Go ahead, Marilyn.
Well, you're not the only one. My producer Roz has regaled me with many stories of the great Dairy State.
Of course she did.
Ladies, as fascinating as this is, I'm afraid we're out time.
Make sure you all tune in tomorrow for Part 2 in our series, "Women of the Cheese Belt." Goodbye for now, and good mental health.
Oh, excellent. I'm hosting a tasting tonight for the wine club Niles and I belong to. I'm hoping they name me the Maitre d'Chai. It's a long-standing dream of mine to wear that silver cup around my neck.
Fine! Make sport, but this does happen to be important to me.
Well, that was before I got in.
It's not like we don't recycle the bottles.
Big, full-bodied, nicely baked. Essence of truffles, long finish - Chambertin 76'.
Well, considering you learned to cook in England, it's a wonder I can't tell your flank steak from a braised tennis ball.
Ah, touch of oak. Hint of currant. Whisper of....
...what is that, what is that? Oh yes, wet dog!
Dad, wine tasting is not a stupid game - it's a highly refined skill.
Well, we would if they had impeccable taste. Which reminds me dad, I have a favour to beg. Would you mind if I moved your chair into your room until after the tasting?
Okay, Niles, grab an end.
Yes, with that stick where it is I'm surprised you can bend. Start hoisting, come on.
Look what you've done!
Oh, of course I'm talking about the floor...
Dad, you have no idea how critical these people can be: they love finding fault.
A rug? Where a rug doesn't belong? Why don't you just throw down a Twister mat, have a few rounds between vintages?!
Yes, it's that kind of advice that leads to shag carpeting!
Ah, good morning Daphne - extra pancakes for me this morning! I'm famished!
And a hat trick would be?
Enough said, thank you.
Pleasure.
It's right here.
It has to be done by five. My guests arrive at seven, so it has to be a firm five. Not a five-fifteen or a five-thirty.
Splendid.
Niles, forget it!
Niles, Joe is here already and we do have a deadline.
Niles, it's settled.
Niles, Niles, he's talking about the scratch.
What is happening?
So naturally you're sawing a hole into my wall.
But how long?
"A couple" is vague. That would mean the big hand would be on the twelve and the little hand would be...?
On the four? Oh, the four is okay, fine.
Oh, well he's a regular canary in a coal mine, isn't he!
Don't ask, Niles. Oh, I see you've got the Romani Containe.
That's funny, the importer told me he had two.
You know, if I didn't know you better I would swear you had squirreled one away for yourself. But then we both know that you must be telling the truth, because you're such a slave to your ethics that even the slightest transgression would cause your nose to bleed.
You just sniffed.
A snort is out, that was in.
Thank you. You have a bowling bag?
STOP POKING ME!
Oh, yes please - the Brie is sweating up a storm.
I will be back after work at five-thirty - I hope I have your word that my apartment will be perfect for then.
Alright, think think before you answer. This is not like marriage vows, or a promise to a dying parent. This really, really counts.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, I need this nose tonight, thank you.
Joe...
Wonderful. Perhaps you can explain these legs.
Tonight?
Niles, don't yell at me. If you were able to lift anything heavier than an emory board we wouldn't be in this position.
Thank you, dad. You know, I was just considering whether I should go shave or slit my wrists. You made my choice a little easier.
Oh, well, that explosion idea's sounding better and better. Could someone at least move that mantle piece away from the door! Hello? Just hold on, will you?
That was the mayor on the phone. Apparently his wife can't make it tonight so he has invited Senator Adler! Can anything else possibly go wrong?
Oh, dear God. Is that blood on my floor? And another drop.
Niles!
Well?
What did you tell Daphne?
Oh Niles, how could you be so selfish?
Look, I don't know what sort of twisted fantasy you've concocted about you and Daphne. I suppose it involves a comet hitting the earth and you and she having to rebuild the species! But trust me, Niles, it is not going to happen. She needs a man - one who can do more for her than just smell her hair.
Daphne!
You are going to fix this.
Tell her the truth. Only the truth shall make you clot.
Yes Daphne, er, Niles has something he wishes to discuss with you.
I'm never going to make it. Daphne, would you please get that?
I cut myself because I was shaving without water. And why was there no water? Because I had to move your chair, which gouged the floor, which made me call for Joe, who found bad pipes, who called for Cecil, who ate the cat that killed the rat that lived in the house that Frasier built!
Oh, it's over, it's over. Sing, fat lady, sing.
Why?
Bribery? That's your big plan?
Oh my God, it's starting to work! Hey, here's another hundred I was holding out on my old man!
Goodnight Daphne, have a good time.
Oh, my God, we did it, we actually did it. Oh dad, please don't leave, I'd like you to stay. I mean, you helped me to get this put together tonight.
Senator Adler, Mayor - welcome to my humble abode.
Well June, I suppose your lack of interest makes your husband feel invisible. Imagine what it must be like to sit across from someone who's constantly scanning, searching, craning their neck to see... Just what the hell is going on out there?
Huh? What? Oh, well, good for you, Jane!
Oh, yeah, well, whatever! Er, this is Dr Frasier Crane. KACL 780.
What is going on?
What? This is an outrage! I have a contract!
Oh, thank God.
I'm sorry... I was being selfish, wasn't I? I, er, feel very ashamed. It is nevertheless, er, an outrage. It's not a personal outrage but certainly a, a family of man outrage.
Well, Roz, as long as you're doing it for love, it's a step in the right direction!
Oh, oh, actually you're right! Er you, maybe you should tell her what you just told me. Er, except I would leave out the "Nazi in nylons" bit. It's not your best icebreaker.
That's right!
Kate?
Er, these people... would like to speak with you.
Well I-I'm sorry, excuse me? I think your meeting can wait five minutes. Now they're a little upset about your memo. I think you should discuss it with them.
Look, look, you know er, I, I think you should listen to Roz. Every year in exchange for your hard work you receive a five percent raise. Now, you've fulfilled your part of the bargain; she has blithely changed the deal.
Yes, my streetwise friend. You have a right to stand up for yourselves.
I did? Well, well, yes I, I did, I did, yes. But, heh, my meagre endorsement is, is meaningless without the support of the... other talent.
What? Er I, I'd love to, to help, but you know, I'm already in hot water with that woman! You can't ask me to raise a mutiny against her!
Go away, you annoying little man.
Oh alright, alright! You organise your people, I'll talk to mine!
Niles.
Niles, this is not a party; and dad, that is fourteen-dollar-a-pound andouille sausage.
Niles, these people are colleagues from the station. We're here to discuss a labour dispute.
Mmm.
Gil, Sheryl, Floyd!
Well...
That is my father's chair.
Okay, well, since we're all here... Er, now, regarding management's claim of financial distress, I've done some checking around, and I've found that the advertising revenues are up eleven-and-a-half per cent...
The wage freeze is unwarranted. It is simply a ploy of an overly ambitious station manager, and typical of this woman! She has terrorised us, she has tampered with our shows. It's time we said no to this Princess of Darkness!
What about our support staff? If we don't back this strike, they may lose their jobs! They're powerless without our support.
That statement is appallingly elitist.
Well... where are your ethics? Where's your conscience?
And we all know no-one here is overpaid...
Great! I'll get us some more wine. Dad, that was brilliant, using reverse psychology! I guess living with me is rubbing off on you a little bit.
Alright.
Very funny.
Oh, alright! Just stop it, you wise ass!
Alright, people! I have spoken with the on-air talent, and I...
Ah, yes. You've really dropped the cone of silence now. Anyway, I have delivered on my promise: the talent is behind you. If you strike, we strike. All for one and one for all!
Okay! So who is our spokesperson - who is leading the charge?
Rozalinda, a word.
Our leader is Noel Shempsky?! The man has all the backbone of a paramecium!
But Noel, Roz! A lot of people's jobs are riding on this - including mine!
Me?
No no, me?
Me? No, no, I've done enough already, oh...
What?
Okay people, there's been a coup. I am now your leader!
To the lair of the She-Wolf!
We are dissatisfied with the wage freeze and we demand to speak to you about it. Don't we?
They're a shrewd group. They only flex their muscles when they have to. Well done!
I am honoured to have been chosen by my colleagues to speak for them.
Well, we have a lot to do, so we may as well just get to it... Is that a, a new hairdo? It's very fetching.
Look, what is it about us? I mean, why all this friction between us? For my own part, your intolerable smugness reminds me of my ex-wife. But... what is the source of your antipathy toward me? Was there some intimidating male figure in your childhood? A father? A, a priest? A department store Santa... I don't know, I'm just spit-balling here!
Good. Do let me hear it.
Coincidences, all!
Oh, very well. There's really very little to discuss. These people were promised a raise. They have fulfilled their part of the bargain; it's time for you to honour yours. You have twenty-four hours.
We walk, en masse. Including the on-air talent. I've seen to that myself.
Mmm-hm.
Gunning? For you? This isn't about you, it's about what you're doing to those people. It's the shame of Seattle!
Oh ho ho ho ho, that's a desperate shot - attacking me because I have a social conscience!
Oh, you are twisting things to make it look like it's my fault! Oh, it's true what they say: the devil comes disguised as a beautiful woman!
Oh, oh, what about you? Let's not overlook that pricey little Fendi scarf you're wearing!
Well, how about those pouty lips that must have cost you a fortune in collagen injections!
You intractable despot!
TYRANT!!
SHREW!!!!
Thank you, Daphne.
Alright, Daphne...
Don't you have some meat to boil?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I apologise, it's just been a, a, a bad day. I was elected by the employees to present our demands to, to Kate.
In a manner of speaking, yes.
No, don't be, dad - I'm a fraud.
I, I was in her office... tempers flared and, the next thing I knew, we were...
...locked in a... passionate kiss!
Daphne, I'm really not that comfortable talking about this in front of you.
Oh, alright. It was like nothing I've ever experienced before, it was just... pure sex! Overwhelming, unexpected, animal-like!
Oh, this is madness! I'm actually lusting after a woman that does nothing but grate on my nerves. I can't stand her!
What about her? Maybe she's been harbouring feelings for me. Is it possible that she could have been lusting after me all this time?
Oh, I hardly think so. The woman's passion... seemed genuine.
Do you suppose it's possible she's just using sex to sway me to her side?
There was no first move. It was more like spontaneous sexual combustion.
Alright. I was standing in front of her desk like so. She was facing me... Niles, you be Kate.
Look, just stand up!
This is getting me nowhere! Alright. I'll just have to go down there and confront her myself. Find out if what she was feeling was actually genuine or she was simply being a conniving femme fatale!
How can we possibly USE sex to get what we want?! Sex IS what we want!
Kate.
Er... I think we have some issues to discuss.
I'd prefer to stand.
Let's talk about the kiss.
Alright. Why did it happen? Some possibilities: Er, frustration; passion; the stress of the situation; Manipulation.
What's interesting is that you focused on manipulation. Why...?
So, you admit that you were manipulating me!
Well, it's not unheard of for a woman like you to use her feminine wiles to get what she wants.
You think my wiles are masculine?
'Course you're not. Because at the end of that road is a cul-de-sac of vulnerability. That's not you, is it? No, you're cement-hard.
Kittenish?
Stop! What are we doing?! Now... there are people out there counting on us!
Absolutely. We owe it to them. If it takes every minute of every hour of every day, and every ounce of strength we have, we have got to settle this strike! Alright. Those people deserve a five percent raise.
Four!
Good news - she's offered three percent.
No, never! I'm going to get you four! I don't care if I have to stay in there all night!
Damn, I didn't think you'd be here...
I'm sorry, Niles, it's just... I'm meeting Kate here. We want to discuss the little dilemma in which we find ourselves.
No.
Yes.
Right.
I didn't mean to! It just... happened! One minute we were negotiating, the next minute our inhibitions were shattered, along with my kneecap and her Macintosh PowerBook.
Yes.
We used her desk.
There she is! Look, look, just make an excuse and go, okay?
Ah.
Good morning.
Ah. Well er, it's better, thanks.
And... and your laptop? I refer to your computer.
Ah. Anyway, what I wanted to tell you was that, well, last night was one of the greatest nights of lovemaking I've had since... Roz!
Well, in a manner of speaking, yes. We were just discussing the step system in a new healthcare plans co- payment scheme and... well, it wouldn't interest you.
So would I.
Ah.
Mmm.
I've tried, Roz.
Why do we bother having a service elevator? I just rode up nineteen floors with two sweaty moving men munching on chili-dogs which they proceeded to drip onto my suede shoes. How will I ever get that stain out?
Ah, yes. Dog saliva! Nature's miracle solvent. So who's moving out anyway?
Well, I must admit she's never done that to me.
I'd rather not discuss it, thank you.
Things between me and Kate just went a little faster than I intended.
Thank you, Inspector Moon! Things got a little out of hand. I think we should slow down a bit but er, I'm afraid to tell her for fear of hurting her feelings. Daphne, how about a woman's perspective? Let's just say, for argument's sake, that you and I succumbed to a, a night of passion...
Yes...
It's a hypothetical question!
Oh, alright, somebody else! Alright? So, you have a, a mad tryst with this young man, and then the next day he says that he thinks things are going too fast; he'd like to slow down. What would you say?
You see, dad - the whole thing's a minefield.
Oh, Deirdre!
I understand you're leaving us.
Oh, do come in!
Oh oh, dad, didn't I mention it? I'm filling in for The Happy Chef tonight...
...so, you're all hers!
Goodnight, Lorenzo.
Hello, Polly. How can I help you?
Well Polly, if you want to shake up your routine, why don't you er, try something new and dangerous? Er, skydiving, belly-dancing, perhaps? That ought to add some spice.
I see. Listeners, for the fourth time this hour, I am NOT The Happy Chef. I am The Irritated Psychiatrist, Dr. Frasier Crane! We'll be right back after the news.
And while we're on the subject of tarts...
No, it's alright, Roz. Why don't you just run along for your date? I can handle the last ten minutes here.
Sure!
Oh, yes. Er, look, I, I'm glad you're still here. Er, listen...
Okay.
Oh, I am so glad you said that! I wanted to say the same thing but I was, I was afraid that you'd feel I was rejecting you!
You are one tough nut, lady.
Agreed. Frankly, now that we've got that settled, do you mind if I ask you a question about last night?
What the hell was that?!
Yes, and you me! And, and, and last night was no different. You just kept talking and talking and talking, and I guess that mouth of yours just ticked me off so much I just had to have it!
Yeah, yeah, animal! We were just functioning on instinct.
Oh, oh, let's not dismiss the element of danger - all those people outside that could have walked in any moment and caught us.
For once, in my cautious, buttoned-down life, I felt like a real bad boy.
What did you just call yourself?
You dirty girl.
Dirty girl!
Dirty girl...!!
Three minutes.
But that's alright, I can play lots of extra commercials!
Oh, yes... Oh, no! Is that the on-air light?
You must have hit the switch with your elbow while we were...
We'd better hurry up and get dressed while we still...
Done.
I can't tell you that.
Go ahead, take your best shot.
Well, doesn't that just put the cherry on the parfait.
Bulldog, haven't you already seen? I've told half a dozen reporters that I'm not going to name names.
Miss Costas.
Er, I-I'd love that, but I, I've got my show in two minutes.
What?
I must say, I find that a, a bit harsh, all things considered.
Why?
Her bedroom...?
Don't worry, dad. Look, I have no intention of letting anyone in here tonight. There's a damn tabloid news crew down in the lobby. I had to go in the back way and use the service elevator.
If you must know, I've been suspended for a week.
I spent the last three hours at the observation deck of the Space Needle, looking down on a city that's looking down on me.
Daphne.
I'm not here.
Thanks, Niles.
Wait, wait! Alright, all of you. You know nothing about last night!
Hello, Kate. Er, you know Niles, of course. Er, this is my...
...father, Martin...
...and er, his healthcare worker. Daphne, Kate Costas.
Yes. I'll be enjoying it during my suspension.
Oh, really - for what? Turning on me when I went out of my way to protect you? You know we're both responsible for this. Yet I end up looking like an idiot and you look like a no- nonsense boss!
Nothing! There is nothing you can do, there is nothing you can say, to make this up to me.
That's pretty good!
Agreed. Obviously, there's some kind of incredible attraction between us. The trick will be simply to avoid the opportunity. We're strong, we're intelligent... and we're alone in this apartment.
Yes...
Oh Kate, Kate, er, that news crew's probably still in the lobby.
Let me walk you to the service elevator and see you out.
Yes... well, I'm sure if we really try, we can keep things on a professional footing.
Just have to avoid all undue temptation.
What's going on?
You know, let's have a little light.
Ow!
It's getting sort of hot in here, isn't it?
You don't mind if I take off my jacket, do you?
Well. Looks like we're gonna be here for a little while - may as well try to make ourselves comfortable.
Maybe there are some chairs in here.
Ah, here we are! I'll just have to move this down along...
I must have knocked open a music box in here somewhere.
Yes, yes, I'll try.
I seem to have broken a bottle of something... Musk oil...!
Oh, oh, where is that damn music box? Here it is!
Ah, yes, alright, er, how about... Oh, I know, hand me that drop-cloth there and maybe I can just smother it.
You know er, I think we can just forego the musk oil right now. Why don't you just cover, cover that back up.
You're right!
We have gazed into the gaping maw of temptation, and survived!
My God, I'm, I'm, I'm proud of us!
Ah...
And we'd be kicking ourselves all the way down...
Miss Costas.
Well, I sense you're having trouble finding Miss Right.
Well, you're leaving precious little room for misinterpretation. But I sense, despite these frequent dalliances, that you're still not truly happy.
Well, Vinnie, it's obvious you know nothing about this show, or how to treat women. But even more appalling, you know even less about jewelry! A pinkie no more needs a ring than a neck needs a gold medallion!
I'd be delighted! We'll be right back after this.
Well, Roz, we can't all choose our admirers.
"The all-powerful space vixen... Rozalinda!"
"Four-breasted queen of the planet Rozniak!" I'll sign that.
Well, Roz, television will never improve unless the viewers speak out!
Roz, I think you should be flattered. Noel's attempt to immortalize you is-is akin to... a love poem written by Robert Browning to his wife.
Well, I'd have to check my English Lit notes, but I think not, no.
Hello? Yes? Niles, Niles, slow down, I can hardly understand you!
Maris is missing! What? No, I don't think you should drag the koi pond! Listen, I'll be right over! All right, just hang tight! Roz, Roz, how much time left in the show?
You're sure you can manage?
All right, what's going on?
Well, there's no need to panic, Niles. I'm sure she's all right.
Uh, excuse me? She's been missing for three days and you're just panic-stricken now?
Oh, Niles! You're certain!
Of course I am. It's just that... well, here you are, all panic-stricken and scared to death, and she's off on some shopping trip! Don't you find that the least bit upsetting?
Well, she left without so much as a note or a phone call!
You know, I'm sorry, Dad, but this is not the first time we've experienced Maris's selfish behavior! She always puts her needs before his! She never attends family functions! Doesn't that make you angry?
Oh, she's not being eccentric. She's being arrogant and selfish!
Let it out!
Well, that is a triumph of self-expression! My God, man, why don't you just let out some of the words that you're dying to say?
A-ha! You're not angry at me! That was directed at Maris!
All right, Niles, this is good, this is healthy! But you've got to channel it! You must talk to Maris!
Niles, Niles, stop it! God, you are the damaged party here, not Maris!
This mess is the physical manifestation of years of repressed anger! It's time to draw a line in the sand and say, "I have had enough!" My God, man, show her your mess!
Good for you!
Well, it's a reasonable question for a man who just ate a cut of prime rib the size of a hatbox.
Lord, let's hope so.
Niles?
No.
Well... you're welcome, Niles. But, um, how did things go with Maris?
Unbelievable!
Really?
Well, Niles, you know I'm not usually one to toot my own horn, but I think in this case I was on the mark. You feel good, don't you?
You feel empowered?
And you'd like to switch to wine now, wouldn't you?
Hello? Oh, hello, Maris. Yes, Niles is here. I'll see if he's available.
Geez, you must be exhausted, Niles. Why don't you call it a day and get some rest, huh?
What?
Well, that was very generous of you.
Well, Dad, I was just trying to do what's right for him.
Well, it's just a little difficult when it happens to be your own brother.
This is starting to make some sense.
I know.
But a darn good one.
I'll be back in an hour.
Don't ignore me, Marta!
Let me in, I need to speak with Mrs. Crane!
Well, at least tell her that I'm here!
Maris? Maris, we need to talk! Oh, look, look, I know you're up there, I can see you through the shutters! All right, if you won't talk, listen! Niles didn't ask me to come here, I came because I care about both of you. I realize that Niles spoke to you rather harshly today. Truth be told, is it was I that urged him to express his anger. As hard as it was for you to listen to such criticism, you're a fair-minded woman and you must concede that he had a right to be upset! Oh! Oh, Maris! By opening that window you're opening up a window to a long and happy marriage, that's good!
All right, you're expressing your anger! That's good, too! But, listen, in spite of that last little outburst, I am not going to leave here until we've had some sort of a breakthrough! Well, I see our time is up, I'll let myself out!
I know you're there. After last night, frankly, I've had quite enough of your kind.
You can stare all you like. I'm not going to give you anything to eat.
Oh, all right, here. You might as well finish off this god- awful Shepherd's Pie that Daphne made. Lord knows it isn't fit for humans. Did that sound like "humans?" I said "Mormons."
Well, it was a rough night.
And here's Dad, all sleep-refreshed and bright-eyed, ready to resume his lecture!
"Dear Dad, Frasier, & Daphne: when you wake up this morning I'll be gone. Thank you for all your help, but I don't want to be a burden any longer."
And we all know that Daphne's Shepherd's Pie is still in the refrigerator.
Niles, you seem awfully chipper this morning.
One thought: seek help! Niles, you've just been through a very traumatic experience here and you are deep in denial here. You are going through some very extreme emotions right now, and rather than feeling them, you're denying they even exist.
Must be very painful, isn't it?
Look at him, Dad. My God, he's locked in denial!
Well, what would please me would be to see him actually experience some real emotion! My God, he's walking through this thing like a zombie!
Niles, Niles, open the door!
No, no, don't calm down! Let it out! This is very healing!
Niles, look, just sit down for a second, O.K.?
Oh, Niles...
Niles, before you make your decision, just make sure that you're remembering things the way they really were. Yes, you bought that chair on your honeymoon in Vienna. But remember, you wanted to buy the chair that you saw in Paris. Yes, you sit at the piano every Sunday morning and play Mahler for Maris. But you hate Mahler! Besides Maris, who doesn't?!
Look, all I'm saying is that along with the good things in your marriage, there were problems — things you said you couldn't live with anymore. Now if you want those to change, you have got to stand up to her. If you back down now, you will go through the rest of your life feeling weak and small because you never had the courage to say, “I will not let you treat me like this, Lilith! ...Maris!”
Well, I've lost all credibility here. Dad, would you please say something?
Ah, Niles.
Well, tomorrow is Christmas. I suppose they might be expecting a little downturn after that.
In six hours and twenty-one minutes. Not that I'm the least bit excited.
No, Lilith doesn't allow sweets, he's probably got visions of bran.
Oh, really Niles?
Going to cave into her, aren't you?
Oh, hi Roz.
Since when?
Oh, thank you Niles.
That's enough, Talulah. You're not fooling anyone.
Now Bob, statistics prove that we're safer in the air than on the ground.
Why are you hesitant to go home?
"Oh boy, that's moist. You must have been basting that bird all day."
"Oh god, I forgot to put the rolls in the oven." I guess what I'm trying to say, Bob, is that we're all in the same gravy boat. But you see, the important thing is that we spend time with our loved ones. Just think how you'd feel if you woke up tomorrow morning six thousand miles away from your home.
Mele Keleke Maka, Bob. We'll be right back after these messages.
Oh, Roz. What did they say, what did they say?
Oh, fabulous. You know, every year Dad puts that kitschy creature with the lightbulb nose on the door.
What are the odds?
All right people, out, out, please.
Oh, listen Roz. I know you've got a plane to catch and the traffic to the airport is probably very bad, so in the spirit of the Christmas season, why don't you just take off early, hmm?
Yes, I am. Be a lot easier without you sitting over there sticking your finger in your throat.
Merry Christmas, Roz.
Yes, and say "Hi" to your mom for me.
Hi, we're back. As most of my faithful listeners know, every year I compose a parable that I hope will illuminate the spirit of the Christmas season.
So without any further ado, I give you "The Story of Olaf, the lonely little goatherd."
"Once upon a time, there lived a lonely little goatherd. He had no family, and no playthings, so to amuse himself, one day he carved a little wooden flute."
"A flute that he used to play during the long, lonely evenings. And the tune it made was very lovely, and all the people in the village below could hear the pure, glorious sound..." This is all very amusing, but nothing you can do is going to distract me!
"One day, the son of a wealthy merchant heard the music, and while that boy had all the toys in the world, he was jealous of this little goatherd's flute."
"So one dark- -night, one dark- -windy night..."
"The merchant's son stole his precious instrument, but when he took that flute home, he couldn't make it play. So he smashed the flute to bits."
"When the little goatherd came down the mountain the next day, and saw his flute was broken..."
YIKES! "He might have said that..."
"But instead he forgave the merchant's son. And the wealthy merchant adopted the little goatherd, and..."
OH, MAMA! – "he said, upon meeting the merchant's wife..."
"And somewhere along the way, he learned the true meaning Christmas." This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you a truly blessed and forgiving holiday.
There now, you see? Nice try. Miss Kane's delightful performance aside, this just proves the power of my message cannot be stayed.
Oh for God's sakes, what am I, a robot?
And to all a good night.
Hi, Dad. Ah, I'm going to put this wreath up here.
Well Dad, you know, I just think that Christmas decorations should be understated and tasteful.
Dad, I'm sorry, but if I gave you one thing, God knows where it might lead.
Oh, God... it's my childhood Christmases all over again. Only now Mom isn't here to say, "Shut up, you'll hurt his feelings."
Yeah, well I hope it can say "Geronimo" because I'm going to throw him off the balcony!
God, I suppose you're right, Dad. I used to love this stuff when I was six. By the time I was seven I started to have questions. When I was eight I started spending a lot more time at the Bernsteins.
I see you've been busy in the kitchen.
Merry Christmas.
You must be kidding, Dad. My God, this place couldn't look any more ludicrous.
Niles.
So, Niles, did you have a discussion with Maris?
I think Santa's said it all for us.
Of course you may, Niles. Just have to wrap up his presents first.
Well actually dad, I ordered him the toy catalogue, from the special section called "Gifts for the Gifted." I got him the junior astronomy set, and the geology lab - oh, and a fabulous thing called the "Living Brain." You get to paint each lobe a different colour, then you stuff it inside the Living Skull.
Listen Dad, I think I know what Frederick likes. He's precocious, he needs to be challenged.
Dad, I'm sorry, if Frederick's anything like me, the kind of toys he'll like to play with are... A kitchen set, a dollhouse and three kinds of Barbies! This is for a Franklin Crane from Kenibunkport. God, you realise what this means?!
No. It means I don't have anything for Freddie. God, I wanted everything to be so perfect. Now he's going to have a horrible Christmas.
Well, that's easy for you to say, Dad.
My God, it's Christmas Eve, the gifts I ordered are three thousand miles away, my son is due in an hour, and on top of it all I have to go to a mall!
Niles, customers are marauding through here like a pack feral dogs. Did you see that woman? She practically knocked me over on her way to the escalator.
That was a cologne sample, Niles. That's what they do. Now listen, we've got five minutes. We've got to find a sales clerk.
All right, we'd better find something ourselves, I guess.
Niles, may I remind you we're looking for something educational?
It's flashing. Niles, please remember that Freddie tested in the highest percentile for cognitive skills and deductive reasoning.
It's beeping, for God's sake! And as much as I'd like to inflict this on Lilith, I'm looking for fast and educational, all right?
Let's see if it protects your head!
Oh, God.
Oh well, that sounds vaguely scientific, but what could he possibly learn from that?
Let's see, I'll just have to remember what I ordered from the catalogue and look for that. First, the "Living Brain."
With any luck, the kind of dork who'll be operating on your prostate someday.
Oh, marvelous.
The brain is dusty. Could there be a clearer metaphor? Oh, Lord. There's nothing in it.
It's an empty box, Ma'am.
Oh God, this is hopeless. We'll never find anything for Frederick.
But Niles, you can't give a cheque to a child.
Niles, Maris cancelled your account.
Oh, look. Look at that man's bag. "Young Minds." Sir, excuse me, is this store in the mall?
And it's educational toys?
Yes! Petunia, there is a Santa Claus.
Damn. Look, this is perfect, look a chemistry lab, and a picture puzzle and... You know, my son comes in, in half an hour and I've absolutely nothing for him.
Oh, you have no idea, it would save my life.
Oh, God bless you, sir.
What?! A thousand bucks?
Well, I mean, there's just no more than a hundred dollars worth of things here.
Well, it's some favour.
Shut up, Niles! All right, all right, lets see what I've got here. All right, I've got, ahh... Here's three hundred dollars. Would you- would you accept a personal cheque for the rest?
Oh, bless you, bless you so much. Very well, thank you. Niles, give the man a cheque.
Putting on his pajamas. Told me he would come in and say goodnight after he brushes his teeth.
Well, I didn't get exactly what I'd ordered, but I think I did all right. I got him a microscope, a chemistry set, and a five thousand piece puzzle of the Great Wall of China.
Oh, yes. Inspired some spectacular Christmas nightmares the year I found them under your bed.
Dad, these are all of the gifts I've given you for the last six years.
Dad, look at this. My God, they're still in the original boxes, never been worn.
Oh, yeah. This one still has the tags on it.
No, Dad? Well, what was it you wanted to say?
Well, no. I thought you might like a change.
I think I know what's good for my own son.
Well, this is turning out to be quite a Christmas.
Done it again. Gotten everyone the wrong gifts. What is it about me? Well, here, you might as well open your gift now. No reason for everyone to be disappointed tomorrow.
I doubt it. Not exactly my night.
No, you don't. It's not a robe, it's a dressing gown. Noel Coward would love it, but it's not you.
Dad, you're overcompensating.
Yeah. Guess it was easier when I was small. 'Cause kids always know what they want, don't they?
Oh, Dad...
How did you know? It's jut what I always wanted: My very own Outlaw Laser Robo Geek.
Oh, Dad - oh, oh, listen, are the batteries included?
Oh, Dad!
Niles, what are you doing?
You know, if you and Maris ever reconcile, I'm gonna miss these tranquil mornings - I reading my newspaper, you tweezing your muffin!
Oh, good for you. Speaking of old chums, Daphne, a Clive called for you a little earlier.
Mmm-hmm.
No, he was one of those fiery Mexican Clives! He said he'd call back.
Well, by my count, two of us get to be lucky!
Oh, please let that be Megan needing a clown for her party!
An ex-boyfriend?
Well, be honest, tell him what you feel.
No, it's the best way to avoid unnecessary anguish. Case in point: Dad, I do not have plans for next weekend, but I don't intend to spend it with Budweiser and Boilermaker and their liver-damaged friend, Seltzer!
See? No evasions, no inconvenient conferences, just simple honesty!
Off to work!
All right, I'll drive you to your stupid reunion!
And in closing, this goes out to Keith, the narcoleptic I spoke to a bit earlier. I'd be glad to resume when you feel a bit more alert, but in the meantime I suggest you reconsider applying for that air traffic control position. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL, 780 AM.
What do you want?
Well, I'm sorry, I can't!
Well, you see, she already invited me, and I told her I promised my father I'd drive him to his army reunion at Rattlesnake Ridge.
Er, Roz, listen, I'm going to the opera tonight. You didn't happen to remember to bring my...
I wouldn't really mind, if you hadn't borrowed them to ogle that bodybuilder that moved in across the street.
Look, I want them back. I refuse to squint through Pagliacci while you're trying to watch The Magic Flute!
Well, short of a cactus corsage, I think you've captured it. You know, Daphne, it's been five years. It's an awfully long time to carry a torch. Maybe he just wants to say hello.
No.
Just answer the door!
I'm sure Daphne doesn't want us horning in on her reunion. We're going to dinner!
I'm getting my jacket!
Niles, for God's sake, will you give them some privacy?
Oh hello, you must be Clive.
Dr. Frasier Crane.
Yes. You met Niles?
Really, you know his wife?
Isn't she?
Oh yes, usually by leaving it!
Yes, me too. You know, Daphne, I'm parched, could you show me again where we keep the wine?
I told you to be honest! But would you listen? No! Now instead you subject us to this ridiculous charade.
What?!
Psst!
Daphne, you don't expect me to endure an entire evening of this nonsense!
Anything?
Oh, Clive!
Lasagna all right for dinner?
Nothing can go wrong. We just have to stick to our stories and avoid any complications.
Dad!
Or, as we sometimes say in this country, Father-in-law.
Niles!
Now go away!
Clive is Daphne's old boyfriend; she's trying to let him down easily, by pretending to be married to Niles.
Yes, of course you do, but I think for this evening it would be best if you just excused yourself. You see, it involves quick thinking and improvisational skills, and a knack for remembering details.
Yes.
Wh-Who is it?
Darling!
You're Maris!
We're married!
Just play along!
Maris Crane, this is Mr. Clive Roddy.
Uh, Cupcake? Well, if you'll excuse me, we could do with a moment alone. Come with me, darling.
Well, bad news, it seems my Maris has to run off, she's got a previous engagement.
Well, actually...
Don't forget your warm glass of Tang.
Well, who's for coffee?
Oh, you're one to talk. If you batted your eyelashes any harder, you'd blow out the candles!
You wouldn't!
Maris, I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted!
Have you all taken leave of your senses?
Well, forgive me for keeping track!
Hi, coffee?
No, the truth is we've been lying to you all night!
Glad you came back with us. I hope you had a good time. Well, I can’t tell you how much fun this has been. Listen, now that you know the way don’t be a stranger. OK. Good night! Who the hell was that?
Well, that’s the last time I say, "everybody back to my place!"
No, not at all. Who are you calling? It’s practically midnight.
You know, Roz raises a very interesting philosophical question...
Is it always morally wrong to lie? We are taught that it is. Though obviously there are certain occasions when a lie would be acceptable.
You know, Lilith actually told me the other day that Frederick has taken to lying. Yes, he told all of his friends that Lilith is an alien.
He also told them that she wears her hair in a bun to hide the third eye in the back of her head.
Well, apparently she was driving him and Toby to a Junior Mensa meeting, she looked in the rearview mirror and saw that they were making faces at the other cars. So, never have the words "I can see you!" caused so much screaming and wetting of pants!
...that we lit a match underneath the fire alarm and all the sprinklers went off.
Yes.
What’s wrong?
Well, of course we weren’t going to tell you.
Expelled? If we’d have known that was going to happen we would have told the truth.
You’re right. He used to make the most merciless fun of me, about how I always wore my gym shorts in the shower. He used to call me "Shorts In The Shower Boy." You don’t have to be witty to be cruel.
Well, I guess that brings an end to our little debate. Apparently there are no good lies.
Oh, good morning, Niles... Oh dear God – it’s finally happened. This is the thanks I get for introducing you to my personal shopper. I gave her specific instructions to write down every article of clothing that I had purchased so we could avoid this sort of calamity!
Oh please.
Sit down! There’s something I need to talk to you about. I doubt most people are as tuned to these things as you and I are. I’m sure they won’t even notice.
John.
Well, fine. And you?
Well, I don’t know if you get the alumni magazine, but I became a psychiatrist, and I’m currently conducting a study on men behind bars and how they got there... That’s an awfully nasty bruise on your knuckles.
Ah, er... ah, he’s abroad now.
No, no, I mean, er... yes, I suppose it did! Well anyway, it would be an enormous help in my study if you could perhaps pinpoint the moment or event in your life that led you to here.
Ah.
Well, that was quick and painless. We’ve identified the point where you fell off the beam.
And that was your first infraction?
Well then, case closed, mystery solved. A young man yields to the lure of a bright and shiny car. Is there anything more tragic?
Apparently there is.
You did say high school, not prep school?
Yes well, perhaps we could continue our backward journey through...
Let’s discuss your early childhood.
I think I have all the information I need now.
Well, that’s all right, John. Thank you for your time.
No, no, John. There’s just one more thing. One second, please. There’s something I need to tell you about, something that I did in school that I’m not very proud of...
Er... well, I, er... I peeked over your shoulder once during an algebra quiz.
Evening, Daphne.
Horribly! The man is convinced that getting thrown out prep school was the beginning of his life of crime.
No. I sort of connected the dots for him!
I intended to, but I became convinced that the man would be willing to perform unspeakable atrocities on the responsible party or parties.
I told him you were an ex-something. You know, I just feel so guilty. I have done this man a terrible injustice.
That was sweets, not Swedes!
You know, perhaps I just have an overactive conscience. It’s not enough that I help other people, I want to help this man.
You know, Dad, Daphne gave me a thought. I’m a skilled couples' therapist. John did mention that he was having marital problems...
No, no, Dad. This is perfect, this is perfect. I may have ruined the last 25 years of this man’s life but with my gift I could save the next 25. Yes, a listing for a John Rajeski, please.
Dad, just relax, please – I know what I’m doing. Mrs. Rajeski? Hello, you don’t know me but I’m...
Why - well, that’s remarkable. Yes, I am a friend of your husband’s!
Mrs. Rajeski?
May I?
Thank you. Let me cut right to the chase. John told me that you two were going through a bit of a rough patch and I was wondering if there was anything I could do to help?
Well, I'll tell you what. Just pretend I’m on my radio show, and now you’re just another caller.
Ah.
Dangerous?
Sorry.
Well, that’s not so dangerous.
Oh. And you’ve never had an accident?
So how long have you had this particular kink?
Oh, Dear God! He’s out of jail, isn’t he?
He’ll kill us!
ARE YOU CRAZY?! He doesn’t even let people touch his comb!
You might like to put your dress back on, straighten up before he gets home.
You only have time for one – I suggest the dress. Where’s the bedroom?
Listen, you’ve got to get him out of here.
Has Eddie been licking you?
Yes, yes, I thought your perfume had a hint of sausage in it.
Well, antiquing actually. I just found the most exquisite Japanese door knocker, it's said to bring peace and tranquility to any home it adorns.
Guy?
Guy?
Oh, what's the difference?! Also, heavens, I can install a simple door knocker on my own.
That's exactly what I was about to get.
Dad, that is a Byelorussian samovar! My God, how long have you lived here?!
Oh, Daphne, you know, apparently this morning when you were dusting, you forgot this object does not face front but rather askew.
Daphne, would you bring me the hammer?
Well, I do, I just want to be prepared for when that froggy lamp gets here.
I think they have the same rules at the "Playboy Mansion."
Oh, it's on, that's fast. Huh, that's not so hard. You know, tomorrow morning I think I may just have to attack that leaking sink in the powder room.
Ah! The inaugural knock.
Oh, what's this? "Your unauthorised door knocker violates the condo by-laws regarding hallway decoration. Remove it immediately."
Yes, well, Daphne, nobody hates a bossy fussbudget more than I do but... Daphne, askew, askew! But, rules are there for reason. I was obviously at fault for not getting approval before I hung it up there.
Oh, perfect. We live in a democratic system and I will work within it. I'm sure I can persuade them with my charm and eloquence.
Oh, pish-tosh! It's not as though I'll be addressing the Supreme Court, I'll simply be talking to the board!
Excuse me, I'm not too late, am I? I was hoping to make a statement.
Good, good. I have a matter of some importance.
Oh, well, thank you. Why are you here?
Oh, well, er, perhaps you should go first.
Well, yes, I'm sorry, Ms. Langer. I was just inquiring as to whether I was too late to raise some new business.
I'll be quick. Ah, earlier today, I installed a new door knocker without your permission. Now, I'd like to say in my defense that my over- eagerness was not out of disrespect but rather enthusiasum for the door knocker, which I'm sure you will agree is really quite beautiful. I understand the rule exists to prohibit people from putting eyesores in public places, but I ask you, should it apply to something as beautiful as this? Here, if you will please. Something, which only serves to elevate our spirits. Let's just say somebody passes by my door, sees the knocker and suddenly feels just a little bit better without even knowing why. That same person passes a perfect stranger and smiles - who in turn... reaches down and picks up, perhaps, a piece of trash; plants a garden, volunteers at a soup kitchen? Like little ripples on a still pond, the happiness spreads. What I'm asking to do, think of this not simply as an ornament but rather an opportunity, dare I say it, of knocking on the door of a new, more civilised world. Thank you.
Of course.
I appreciate your...
But there has been no discussion, it hasn't even been opened up to the floor.
Forget it! I came down here expecting a fair hearing in the democratic tradition, but here you are: a tyrant more concerned with the exercise of power than with justice! Well, I will leave now taking solace in the certain knowledge that in time, you, Ms. Langer, will join all tyrants on the ash-heap of history!
I'm not here.
You know, I'll just get those later.
Yes. Who's there?
Why can't I see you?
Without much success.
It's very nice.
Well, I'm very flattered, but you see...
Of bad water pressure?
Well, that may be, but, er...
All right, but why can't I see who you are?
That would work better without the vanity plates, Dr. Dorfman!
Oh, hello, Niles. You know, Niles, the most extraordinary thing just happened to me down at the garage.
Yes, as far as I know.
Why? Is something wrong?
You mean they were...
Oh! What did you do?
Oh Niles, you simply have to diffuse the entire subject with simple, adult conversation. I don't want to re-create what happened to Maris and me after the cabin incident when I walked in on her taking a shower. Oh God, months of avoidance and awkwardness.
Oh, don't fret, Niles, it was really nothing more than a fleeting glance in a very steamy bathroom. More like glimpsing a birch sapling through a thick fog.
Well, I'd say we hit about the same level on the "Yikes!" meter!
Oh Roz, you're here.
I was detained.
Roz, the most extraordinary thing happened. I was down at the parking garage, when suddenly I was blinded by a set headlights. A mysterious man crept from the shadows and told me I should run for condo board president.
No. This really happened.
Are you forgetting I served two terms back in high school as grand panem tandrum of the vocabulary club!
Have you served on a condo board?
God, I'm sorry, Daphne, I'm afraid this is my fault. Ms. Langer's simply retaliated against me. You see, last night I rather humiliated her in a dazzling display of rhetoric!
You know, this building has a grapevine Ernest & Julio Gallo would envy! You know, perhaps I should run against Ms. Langer. God knows, she's ripe for a good comeuppance!
What an appalling expression of apathy. What kind of a world do you think this would be if everyone thought the way you two do?
And look at the kind of world it is! Corruption in high places, illiterates unconcerned with the real issues because they are too consumed with the same selfish pleasures!
It's mine, put it back! Where will this all lead? The point is, if you're not willing to get involved then you have no right to grumble when things don't go your way.
Oh, that's it, I am running for condo board president. The time comes in every man's life when he must meet face to face with a challenge, rather than skitter away like a coward.
Too bad, it explains so much. What is this? Another one?
Yes, but we don't want to jinx it, Daphne. I must say, I think my chances are very good after this epistle I found this morning on my windshield. It's from the Resistance!
Yes, well, now you see why they need me. With this lead aside, I still wish I had a punchier opening for this speech I wrote this morning. Well, I'm running out of time. Unless, yes... I think Ms. Langer may have given me the very ammunition I need for my opening salvo. We'll just see how the voters feel about a woman who tries to persecute a disabled ex-policeman and his loyal old dog.
Of course! Well, pending my approval.
Hello, condo owners. I'm sorry my opponent has chosen to be vindictive about my family, but that is merely characteristic of her behaviour during her entire term in office. How else would one explain this? This citation my father received last night is a perfect example of the prejudice that this woman is capable of.
Ashamed? Not at all! I defend his behaviour! So he had his little friend out where he shouldn't be. So what? He's been doing it for years!
Approve? I applaud it! Have you no compassion? My father is getting older, hasn't many pleasures left in life. I can't tell you the hours of joy that that little guy has brought him! And not just him. Who among us can't help but break into a smile upon seeing the little fella? Oh, I know, you know, sometimes it is irksome when his little Eddie appears at any inopportune moments, but...
Well, "Eddie"'s, of course, not a name I might have chose. I might have gone with something a bit more - oh, I don't know, whimsical like, er, oh... Puck!
You know, the clodsom sprite from Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream." Don't look so shocked! Whom does it really harm if he unleashes Eddie once in a while? Come on, it's not as though he's alone in this beheviour. Mrs. Tortwurst, I've seen you do the same thing many times with your Fluffy. You know, if you ask me, not only is this behaviour harmless, it's laudable. Why, you should see the looks on the faces of the schoolchildren when he takes Eddie out to the playground.
On the other hand... we all need rules. Go! Go! Go!
Oh, and sorry about the knocker.
Roz? None of these lights seem to be flashing.
Well, who's our first caller?
Well, how much time do we have?
Hello Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Well, I have some good news for you. As today is the first sunny day we've had in a few weeks, it seems that all our lines are open. So please call in, no waiting. Absolutely no waiting! Oh come on, somebody's marriage must be on the skids. Somebody's career must be going badly, other than mine! Hey, how about all you agoraphobics, I know you're not outside! Oh, there's a call! I'll take it, I'll take it. Hello, I'm listening.
Well, Alice, as today seems to be a bit slow I think I have a story I can tell you that might be of some help. Do you have some time?
Perfect! Well, it started three days ago. You see, my father was very concerned about his little dog, Eddie. So, he had to take him to the vet...
Welcome news to Mrs. Frobisher in 13-B.
Only if the question is, "What is the most asinine thing we could possibly do?"
Stop right there, Dad! We're not getting another dog.
I fell for that trick once, Dad!
Dr. Kagen.
Oh, not at all. I don't even know who she is.
Yes, Dr. Kagen moved into my building about three months ago - from Chicago, I believe?
Well, Roz is an excellent tour guide.
Oh, I think that can be arranged.
Dr. Kagen.
A gynecologist.
What's the matter?
I have a general idea!
Oh, anyway, that's really more of a side trip. Getting back to our story - by the time I got home that day, alas, for Eddie was no better.
Dad.
What are you doing?
No, I can't say that I have.
Dad, please. Don't call it that in front of him. He has no idea.
Do you honestly believe he can understand a word you're saying?
Oh really, Dad!
...anything other than the simple fact of his name or a grunt!
Dad, you can't be serious?
Honestly, Dad, they are the very definition of charlatanism!
Precisely. Animals operate out of instinct, whereas human beings can reason.
They can cogitate.
Thank you for staying with us through the first commercial break. We're talking to Alice, who has a case of the blues today. In order to help her through it I am relating a story from my own life. Any questions so far, Alice?
Roz!
Roz, we are trying to help this woman. We don't have time for your pointless tangents. Anyway, my father finally got his way and made his appointment for the dog psychiatrist, who insisted that the entire household be present for the first session.
Perhaps he's being detained by his fear of fetching group.
I don't suppose whether my father told you, but my brother and I happen to be psychiatrists.
It's a joke.
Give a dog an hour, you can bill him for seven!
I apologise, it all just seems a bit silly.
Oh, boy!
Well, I hope: Give me a breath mint! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Right, next one.
Cologne? Well, actually I think he would prefer toilet water!
Well, I'm sorry but I don't see the point. What is any this telling you about Eddie?
And yet she's never been committed. I don't know why!
Okay, I'll say it. What the hell have they been doing in there for the past hour?
Oh yes, you must remind me to sit beside him at his next dinner party.
Finally: the white smoke!
Not me.
Oh my God, Roz, what's happened?
A gynecologist.
All right, Roz, what happened?
Apparently he was an avid collector of antique gynecological equipment.
I just got the signal from Roz that we're running out of time. So, I'll skip ahead in our story.
If you ask me, the man's theory's a whole lot of hooey! Who here has any reason to be unhappy?
You know, I hate to say it, but dad, if anyone's giving off unhappiness, I'm afraid it's you.
Yes.
And yet you did. Well, maybe I am not entirely happy. Why should I be? My son lives across the country, there's no woman in my life. Maybe it is I that is making Eddie sad?
How loosely woven is the fabric of our unhappiness... a tug or two and it unravels to reveal how empty our everyday lives really are.
Everybody thinks about it.
No, that's just you.
Well, you know, we can talk about it, we can think about it, but nobody really knows how or when.
Darkness, nothingness, afterlife?
"I have seen the eternal footman hold my coat and snicker."
Dead.
Plato.
You know, perhaps Doctor Shaw was right. Perhaps we are the cause of Eddie's depression.
Simple beast! It is here beneath the masks of happiness we all wear.
The sea that lurks below affected by our sorrows. The once care-free doggy world has been shattered, perhaps forever.
I guess Dr. Shaw was wrong after all. He wasn't taking his cue from us, was he?
I'm afraid we're a bit more complex than that, Daphne. We know for whom the bell tolls!
Daphne, by "biscuits" do you mean cookies?
Oh, and I believe there's ice cream too!
So Alice, even the happiest of us can find reasons to be unhappy if only we look for them. So don't look for them. Take a tip from our dog friends - treat yourself to your favourite toy, whatever that might be.
This is Dr. Frasier Crane, reminding everyone that life is too short to dwell on every bump in the road. Try to take pleasure in the simple things. In short, eat a cookie!
Oh, walnut, I broke a tooth! Now I've got to go to the dentist, he'll tell me I haven't flossed, my lips are going to get all fat - oh, my life sucks!
Well, listeners, flu season is upon us again. As is customary, KACL is offering its employees and their families free flu shots. Now, in order to show the importance of getting a flu shot, I am going to put aside my lifelong fear of needles and be inoculated right here over the air when we come back.
Well, Dr. Claman is on his way, dad.
Oh, not really, no. I just say that to encourage people that really are.
Nice to know that men in bars still settle their disputes the old fashioned way, isn't it?
Oh, Dr. Claman.
Oh...
Where are my manners? Perhaps you should be inoculated first.
All right, folks, we're back. Em, joining us for this last minute of our show is Dr. Morris Claman who's going to give me my flu shot. Uh, but, you know, what's the rush? Perhaps we'd be interested in finding out what strains of flu you've isolated this year.
And how do you suppose they travelled here?
Could it have been a careless tourist? A baggage handler? A tainted wok?
Yes, yes.
Really? Well, that didn't hurt at all. The newly immunised Dr. Frasier Crane, signing off.
Roz, Niles was here first.
Dear God! When did you two even get out of my sight?!
Well, Niles, I suppose we could share a table. There's a couple of seats available there.
Why not? We married strange women!
You know, just try to relax. It'll do you good to do something spontaneous for a change.
Oh, Niles, please, when will you get rid of that tired old excuse - your off again/off again relationship with Maris?
Hello, ladies, excuse me, would you mind terribly if we joined you until another table opens us?
Oh, thank you so much, that's very kind. I'm Frasier and... and this gentleman dusting for fingerprints is my brother, Niles.
So... what do you two ladies do?
Oh, come on, come on. We're not your average bozos off the street. Why don't you try us?
On the contrary! I am always ready to debate the merits downdraft cook tops and ceramic tile backsplashes.
You know, I think the key to a good kitchen is comfort.
Oh look, Niles, a table has opened up.
Well, yes, it is fun, isn't it, Niles?
Well, I'll go get us some coffees.
I knew you'd panic!
You know, they are very attractive, Niles.
Maybe we should ask them out?
Good point, Niles! Perhaps we should go out with them a few more times before we ask them on a date!
Well, that's exactly why we should do it. We're being spontaneous today. Come on.
Hmm?
Good Lord, I hadn't thought of that.
Good! Good, we really dodged the bullet there. Which one's Beth?
Great!
Here we are.
Well, it's just a little something I threw together. You know, an objet here, an antique there.
Dad.
I used to think so!
Well, thank you, dad, but Laura and I have plans to go to the symphony.
Yes, fortunately my taste has improved a lot since then.
Hmm, velvety texture, great body... I'm not.
Perhaps you should have left a trail of breadcrumbs before you started down that toast!
Maybe that... I have a thought. In the spirit of spontaneity that has carried us this far - why don't we postpone our plans are all go to the cabin together this weekend?
Well, then, it's settled. Saturday morning we ride the high country!
There's really nothing special about it.
What's going on?!
Niles! When you are going to stop letting Maris be an anchor on your social life?
Even if she's lightweight... For God's sake, oh would you just stop it, you're changing the subject! This afternoon, for the first time in your life, a perfectly lovely woman that you don't even know has agreed to go away with you on a weekend. Isn't that exactly the kind of scenario you've always dreamed of?
And if you pass it up, won't you regret it?
Well then, for once in your timid, risk-free life, don't you think it's time you grabbed for that brass ring?
Ah, here we are.
I hope you don't mind roughing it. There's no radio or television.
Well, I think things are going rather well, don't you?
You feel like a new man, don't you?
Well Niles, you don't need a decoder ring to understand the phrase, "Make our own entertainment"!
Then again, there was that other statement about sleeping like a baby.
The two of us in another, crying like babies.
That's the worst thing we could do! What if they're not interested? They'll be embarrassed and it'll ruin the entire weekend.
You've done this before!
Niles, this is idiotic! We're both trained psychiatrists.
Well, that's awfully nice of you. Speaking awkwardness... er, did you know....
Are you as crazed by this as I am?
Oh, all right! I'm going to settle this once and for all. Now, just follow my lead.
Yes, now that is lovely, isn't it?
Niles, this is tearing me apart!
Yes, they've got us into some most veiled, cloaked, cryptic messages. Can't they just give us one clear signal?!
Niles!
Yes, go!
Sleep well.
Niles, what are you doing?
What is this, some sort of weird, kinky foreplay?!
Now?!
Oh, fine, fine. I think you might look back on this one day as your darkest hour. But, do what you want to.
Yes?
Ah! Well then, off you go!
What?!
Er, nothing, just a second, it's Niles. I'll be a moment. Why do you care?
Okay, Niles, so what do you want to do? Do you want to stew over that all night - let her have all the fun?
Well, then - Off you go!
Yes!!
I'll just be a second.
Yes! Your ex-wife is ruining my sex life! Give me that!
I'm just going to say this one last time. This weekend is not about thinking, it's about doing. Doing something that the Crane boys haven't done for a very, very long time! For once in our miserable, sex-starved lives, can't we do something pleasurable without thinking it to death?!
Don't think about today, don't think about what's right! Don't even think of them as Laura and Beth! For tonight they are just two live, breathing, available female bodies who want us!
Oh, I think I could hit it again!
Well, I don't feel smart. I let Roz set me up another one of her blind dates.
Oh, a friend from her aerobics class. Oh, perhaps it won't be so bad. She's thirty-two, has a terrific body, and apparently thinks I'm God's gift to broadcasting.
Dad, when are you going to stop blighting the environment with this atrocity? My God, can't you see that it wants to die? Let it go!
Dad, that will never happen.
I have medical power of attorney, it won't cost me a thing.
You don't mean?
Niles, why would you want to live in such a stodgy building? When I applied there they treated me as if I was riff-raff.
Oh, just relax, dad. It's just her way of angling for more vacation time.
Well, they'd still have to call me for a reference. Either way, she's not going anywhere.
You know, I'm going to go out on a limb here. The Montana doesn't accept pets, does it?
There is no way that dog is moving in here with us!
Oh pul-eeze, you must realise that dog has no genuine affection for you. You only pretend that she does because she's a canine substitute for Maris!
She is highly strung, cold to the touch and ignores you. My God, stand her upright, take ten pounds off her, put her in a Chanel suit, whatcha got?
Oh, is it really? Do you remember that little pilbox hat that Maris wore to the the Duchamps' wedding?
She didn't quite take to me.
You tell me. Over appetizers, she suddenly remembered that she had a very early morning meeting, so she suggested we skip the jazz club after dinner.
Mmm-hmm. When the waiter suggested a soufflé for desert that would take an extra thirty minutes she said, "Oh Dear God, no!"
After I dropped her off at home, I noticed she had left her suede jacked in my car. I called to offer to swing it by and she said, and I quote, "Just keep it."
Nothing! God Roz, I have had it. In the past six months I have done everything a man can possibly do to meet a woman. Singles bars, blind dates, lecture series at the museum. I've even spent hours in the grocery store trying to look helpless in the produce department! That's it. I'm taking myself off the market. Frasier Crane has thumped his last melon.
Roz, Roz, please. I know what you're going to say. I should climb back on that horse, I'm too great a catch to give up now.
What? I don't really want to give up. I don't really want to give up, I was just saying that to get your sympathy.
Smell it?
I don't do that!
Well Roz, as much as I appreciate you comparing me to a dead squirrel in a heating duct, I think you're wrong.
You know, Niles, this precious little building of yours isn't as exclusive as you think. Your doorman waved me right through.
Oh, fan of my show?
You bought a bird?
It is attractive, though.
You know Daphne, I think we should leave these two alone. I sense a real battle of wits shaping up.
But Niles, everyone gets bills.
Niles, if you keep this up you won't even have the people who don't care you don't have people.
Am I invited?
It's alright. I've taken myself off the dating circuit. I'm afraid I was getting a bit desperate.
Roz was right! As soon as I stop looking for the perfect woman, she falls right in my lap!
Oh, good evening, Niles. Or should I say, "avast ye, matey!"
Place cards, how elegant. Who is Peter Soutendeck?
Oh, damn. There goes my opening joke about the Dutchman trying to install Windows '95. Stephanie's over here, I'm not sitting next to her.
Putting Stephanie next to me!
Niles, surely you realise I've spent a long time looking for a woman like Stephanie.
Now, listen. I'm afraid if you want to impress these people you've got to get a little more atmosphere here in the room. You know, I'll light the fire while you dim the lights a bit.
Niles, after that jaunty beret you wore to brunch last Sunday, you can pull anything off.
Oh here, the phone.
Niles, call for help!
Niles, don't panic! Try to stay calm.
You go call the vet and I'll go and take care of things out here.
Hello, please do come in. I'm Frasier Crane, Niles's brother.
Nice to meet you. Please make yourself comfortable, I'm just going to run into the kitchen and check on the bird.
What did he say?
Fine, you take care of that, I've got the future Mrs. Crane out there in the other room.
I don't know. Oh, try delivering that keynote you gave at the psychiatric association last spring.
Everything alright out here?
Oh yes, I believe so, any minute now.
I keep telling him, get yourself a decent oven mitt, but you know...
Hello, please come in. I'm Frasier, Niles's brother.
Really?
He's in the kitchen, savoring for you tonight a lovely pheasant.
As you know, he's a stickler for freshness!
Oh, what now?
Well, you look very cute.
Listen Niles, I really can't stall them any longer, they're starting to ask questions. The Dutchman's date even knows Maris.
Elaine somebody.
I don't know, she's very thin, she's exquisitely dressed, and dripping with attitude.
Bon Appetite! Crab puff, anyone? Bon Appetite!
At which point, the woman said to Churchill, "Sir, if you were my husband I would put poison in your coffee." To which Churchill sorely replied, "Madame, if you were my wife I'd drink it!" Perhaps you've heard that story.
Well, can I freshen anyone's drink?
Perhaps I'll just bring the bottle around.
You are totally ruining my chances with Stephanie!
The first thing you've got to do is go to the vet and have that thing removed!
You can't spend the night in the kitchen!
You know, I've spent the last forty-five minutes with these people. I think they are kind and understanding, I think they'll be very sympathetic with your problem.
Yes.
No, I don't. And furthermore, if you stay in here they'll think you're rude, bad-mannered, and - dare I say it - a bad host.
Everyone? Excuse me, Niles has had a little mishap, he will have to go to the doctor. It's nothing serious, he just has to have something removed. Niles!
You see, his bird suffered a kind of trauma and has attached itself to the scalp and we just...
Well... thank you very much!
Really? That was one of the most promising romantic prospects I've had in years! What have you lost? The respect of a parched lush and a Dutch letch! Thanks for learning that, Baby!
Thank you. I suppose I could drive you to the vet now. Maybe we should take the service elevator?
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Wearing a white bird after Labor day!
Oh, congratulations.
So?
Yes, well Niles, there are all sorts of different women in the world. Perhaps if you tiptoed beyond the fringes of your precious circle, cast a wider net...
Not that wide.
My God, it is!
Roz! What on earth are you doing here?
Oh, yes. Thank you, Niles. All right.
What? What do you mean, "Let's go"? I can't do that, I don't even know why you're here.
Well, at least look on the bright side. You're outdoors, you can enjoy nature, you're beautifying our highways...
Are there no other services you could have performed?
And you chose this?
Roz, have you considered that your discomfort around the elderly may stem from your own fear of growing old?
What?
I can't. It might be illegal.
Absolutely not!
Off we go.
Oh, well Dad. Doing your exercises. Very good.
Well, it's more than Lilith could accomplish after five years of marriage.
Well, you know Daphne, I must say there are some times I envy you. Here you go, Niles.
You know, I'm just saying it's always gratifying to see some reward for your efforts. Lately, that's something I've been lacking in my own work.
Oh, well you know, back in private practice I could spend months, even years with a patient, see the fruits of my labor. Now, somebody calls in, I give my advice, and never know how things work out. I simply release my humble words into the airwaves and then they're gone forever, vanished.
So you know my pain! Well, I'm not really dissatisfied, it's just that... well, Daphne, you know, you get to see your progress with Dad; Niles, you have the upcoming marriage your commitment phobics...
How?
If I remember rightly, I said, "Well, why don't you give him some of my truffle foie gras?"
I was being funny.
Excuse me, Bulldog?
Listen, have you seen Roz? She's late. My show goes on in thirty seconds.
That's a little extreme, don't you think?
Not if you skipped it to me over a pool of disinfectant.
Hello, Seattle. Good afternoon, this is Dr Frasier Crane. You know, today we're going to do things just a little bit different. For the past four years now I've been taking your calls and giving advice, and I was thinking, perhaps our listeners are wondering how things have turned out. I know I do. So today I invite those of you who've called in in the past to give us a holler, and we can catch up on how things have worked out for you. All our lines are open...
Come on. Come on, you know the number. Ah, there we are. Hello, this is Dr Frasier Crane. How did I help you?
Ah, ah, I see. And did my advice help you to become more assertive?
Well, perhaps you took my advice just a bit too far.
Well, as I give myself a well-deserved pat on the back, and Chet marches off to invade Poland, let's just go to commercial. Well Roz, glad you could join us.
Ooh, lot better than spearing trash, isn't it?
Oh, dear. I think I see where this story is headed.
Roz, I am so sorry. I, I can see how you could be very traumatized by this... Hi, we're back. That was a very catchy commercial, wasn't it? Let's get back to it. Roz, listen. You can't be too upset about this. Now given the circumstances, his age and his surroundings, surely this thing was sort of expected.
Bulldog...
Bulldog, Roz was playing checkers with an elderly gentleman and he died.
Roz, Roz, surely you realise what happened today at the retirement home was an aberration.
Now Roz, listen. If you're ever going to conquer your fear of aging you've got to get back down there and spend some time with these people. You'll learn that they're really vital human beings.
All right then, think of it this way: there's been a lot fog on the interstate lately and the caribou are migrating.
Oh, good. That should up his price when I sell him to the carnival.
Did you finally find a date?
I think Daphne speaks for us all. Just how the hell did this happen?
Oh, yes. Legendary smorgaphobia.
Oh, dear.
What? What happened?
Oh. Dad, Roz has been doing some community service down at a retirement home. Apparently, for the second time this week one of her charges has died.
Well as you know, this isn't your fault.
You have a cat. Oh. I'm so sorry.
Now listen, Roz. There's no way that you can feel guilty about this. I mean, those men were going to die anyway. If anything, you gave them some much-welcomed companionship in their final moments.
Roz, we have discussed this. This is going to be your breakthrough day.
You're just overreacting. There is no way they think you're the Angel of Death.
No. Roz, this is not like you. The Roz I know is not a quitter, she's a fighter.
Oh come on, that's just celebrities. C'mon.
Good afternoon. How do you do?
Yes.
Yes. Have we met?
Well ah, it's my pleasure.
Oh no. I'm just here with a friend of mine, Roz. She's here doing some community service.
So you started keeping pictures of her?
Well, no. Well, what did you do?
Oh yes.
You've no idea how nice it is to hear that.
Thank you.
Nothing! Nothing, ahh, I just knocked your ashtray over.
Oh no, it's intact. Not the tiniest chip.
Yes.
I was just ah, tying my shoelace. Yes, yes I have a son. I'd much rather hear about your family.
As a matter of fact, I am.
What a lovely nose it is.
Uh-huh. Ah, listen, you got any glue around here?
Ah, the onyx has popped out of my cufflink and ahh, I was just hoping I might be able to re-affix it.
Oh good, good. It's worth a try.
Yes. Yes, you know I think this just might do the trick.
You know, perhaps we should take a brisk walk. Get that old circulation going!
Seems like you have a visitor, Norman.
You know, my goodness, that is a smashing robe. You know, I'm in the market for one like it myself. Why don't you stand up, maybe I can read the label.
Ooh! My cufflink! All right, you know, I'll just ahh, place it back in here carefully and... a-ha. Well, there we go. Good as new. Yes well ah, Norman, I can't tell you what a nice time it's been spending the day with you.
My pleasure.
Oh yeah, I was just having one last look at Helen.
They certainly are. Well Norman, it was a real pleasure. I hope you keep listening to my show.
Norman, ah... I have a little confession to make. I didn't... I didn't drop your ashtray, I dropped the mask. The nose broke off. I feel just terrible.
Yes.
Well, certainly is a relief to hear that. Well you know, I better get out of here before I do any further damage. It was great meeting you. Would you like me to leave the light on or off?
My eight year-old son is visiting me this weekend, he asked specifically if I could arrange a tour of the Microsoft complex, I was wondering what's your policy on... I'm sorry to hear that. You know, I don't often trade on my celebrity status, but does the name Frasier Crane mean anything to you? I'm sorry to hear that. Well, erm, you know, it's entirely possible that one day a relative of yours may wish to tour my workplace... It's a radio station! Forget it!
I take it you lost the game.
I'm still trying to understand why you drove to the Gap in the middle of the game!
Oh, Roz, erm, listen, didn't you used to date some executive at Microsoft?
I'd like you to give him a call.
Well, Frederick's coming to visit me this week. The only thing he asked for was a tour of Microsoft, and I sort already, well, promised that I could arrange it for him.
I understand. I thought you'd be more sympathetic, that's all.
I do recall a story you told me not long ago, about a young girl living in Wisconsin who wanted desperately for her mother to drive her to Chicago to see Bobby Sherman open a shopping mall. But her mother was just too busy. And so what did that little girl do that night? She cried herself to sleep on her little Bobby Sherman pillow.
Niles.
Actually he went out with his grandfather for an early morning walk.
Oh, Lord.
And the last!
Niles, refresh my memory. Why are we wearing plastic snouts and a tiny little wading pool around our waists?
Ah! Yes, as I recall nobody got it. We finally had to take to telling that we were "Swine Lake." They didn't get that either. That was a long evening.
Well, we're going to go whale-watching, to the planetarium and Roz is helping me arrange a tour of Microsoft. It's the one thing that Freddie's specifically requested.
Yes, well, you know how it is. I don't get to see him as often as I'd like. Memories of this trip will have to last until the next one. Can you blame me for wanting it to be perfect?
Oh, hello, Freddie.
No. He did tell me how he captured two bank robbers with just a revolver, his partner and a S.W.A.T. team.
Well, actually, Freddie, I thought we'd, er, go by the radio station, I could show you where I work. That'll be fun, won't it?
Well... Saturday.
Yes, you should have seen him last night. He spent the entire evening sitting on Daphne's lap watching TV.
Niles, have you actually sunk so low as to be jealous of him?
And this is the booth where it all happens.
Well, this is the talk-back button here, if I want to talk to Roz, and this is the cough button if I want to mute the mike. Oh, and this button here's very special. It sends a death ray shooting from the phone of any caller who annoys me.
Yes, I do.
Well, okay, Roz, what have we done to ourselves today?
Freddie, I don't believe you've met Bulldog.
Well, all right, Bulldog, er, Roz and I have a show to prepare...
Oh, Roz... Freddie, why don't you talk to Bulldog for a minute, I have to discuss something with Roz.
I don't look forward to telling Frederick. He'll be so disappointed.
Frederick.
You... don't?
Stay out of this. Freddie... Frederick, you know, this is your vacation, you're the boss. Whatever you say goes.
What?!
Well, I... You know, as much as I'd love to play softball, I really don't think that Bulldog wants me to.
Well, thank you, Bulldog.
Well, I don't see how I can refuse.
Oh, yes, well, speaking of Daphne. While you're waiting for Daphne, why don't you go out, get yourself a candy bar out of the machine.
Yes, well, chew on the side of your mouth, rot your baby teeth.
Bulldog, what the hell do you think you're doing, telling him I'm a good softball player?
No, I don't.
Oh, Bulldog, I'm sorry.
I just keep thinking back to that time when Dad made us try Little League. I will never forget the humiliation of getting up to bat for the first time in my life and hearing the other team all cry out, "Move in, everybody. Crane's up!"
Only because the bat flew out of my hands!
Oh, I can live with playing badly in front of my co-workers, it's Frederick I'm worried about. He's still at that age where he thinks his father can do anything.
I know.
I know, I know some day he's going to have to learn that I'm not perfect, it's just that I was hoping it might be something less humiliating like seeing me fast dance at a family wedding.
Well...
Ah, did you two have fun while I was at work?
So you see the problem?
No, that's your problem. The trouble is that I promised Frederick I would play on Saturday. I guess I'm left with only one choice.
No, of course not, I'm going to learn how to play softball.
Well, back in college, when Stu Oberfelt got sick, I learnt the role of Mercutio in just a day and a half. I was brilliant. Fighting in the duelling scene, the audience was on the edge of their seats.
Gee, Dad, I want to thank you for helping me out with this.
It must have been kinda disappointing for you; I never took any interest in this sort of thing as a kid.
I guess it's a little complex I must have developed. When I was growing up, you know, the doorbell'd ring, I'd run to answer it and then there'd be the neighbourhood kids with their baseball gloves and their bats looking for somebody else to join their game. They'd say, "Hey, can your Dad come out and play?"
Oh, at the risk of sounding like Stanley courting Blanche DuBois in "Streetcar...", "We've had this date with each other from the very beginning."
I'm sorry.
Dad, gee, it's kinda tight.
What is that, a pitching machine or a particle accelerator?!
Dad, can't you just slow it down a little bit?
Ready.
What are they looking at? Dad, they're looking at me!
Did you hear that? Did you hear that? I touched it that time, I did!
Oh, who am I kidding? This is hopeless!
Oh, Dad, please, I couldn't hit that ball if I had a sofa cushion!
Oh, I suppose. In time he well, it's just that...
...no boy ever forgets the first time he finds that his dad isn't perfect. It's not what I want him to take away with him on his trip. Anyway, thanks for your help.
Huh?
I don't know.
Well... Maybe it was no one time.
Well, no, I'm just not very comfortable talking about it right now.
All right, all right. Back in third grade, you took me and some of the boys from the Math Club out to pizza. When the check came, you couldn't figure out the tip in your head.
Well, it was at the time!
Fine! Fine, Dad, get defensive! I was eight years old.
I'm sorry I even brought it up.
I guess I'm just going to have to bite the bullet, sit Frederick down on Saturday before the game and tell him the truth. It's not a conversation I'm looking forward to but I should prepare him for the fact that his daddy's not going to be hitting any grand slams on Saturday. Or am I? Wait, a grand slam is...
Well, anyway, I suppose one consolation is, you know, as disappointed as I was with you after the pizza incident, here we are, all those years later, out at a batting cage.
Thanks, Dad.
Oh, shut up!
Hello, Niles.
Is that your idea of appropriate baseball-watching attire?
Well, I haven't been able to bring myself to do it yet. I guess it's about you going to any lengths to avoid looking foolish in front of your son.
Well, anyhoo...
Frederick, what have I told you about running in the house?
Frederick, what have I told you about splitting infinitives?
Frederick!
I am very disappointed in you, young man!
That's okay, son.
Er, in a bit, er... First we have to have a conversation, the two of us. Er, Uncle Niles, do you think you could give us a moment alone?
Come on, Freddie. Come and have a seat, here. Okay, you're going to see me play some softball today, and I'm not going to play very well. You see, I'm not a good softball player.
Yes, I know, he was just lying in order to be nice. The truth is, I stink. I can't catch, I can't throw, I can't hit.
So, it must be pretty disappointing to hear for the first time that your Dad's not perfect, but...
Well, why didn't you mention any of these things to me before?
Ah, actually, Frederick, I'm really okay with those things, I am. I just want you to know that it's okay for you to feel bad about them. You see, when I was your age, I felt really bad about learning that your Grandpa can't do math in his head. I learned later, of course, that that really wasn't very important because he can do so many other things so well.
Yes, but....
I was making a point!
Well, I tried, for God's sake.
Niles.
Of course. Sherry?
Yes, your life has become an operetta.
Say no more. It's a bit steep, but if it's for charity...
Alright, who should I make this out to?
You do have a problem!
The arts, Niles, not the crafts!
Oh, this is a surprise.
Oh please, that homily-spouting Hausfrau? It's the most embarrassing thing on the air. So, she finally got canned, eh?
Well, good news for Gertie and for the many atheists who will welcome this new proof of their theory.
What do you mean - your own show?
Drop it, Niles! Of course, this comes as a little surprise.
What kind of show did you have in mind?
Niles!
Well, I'd hate to lose you, but of course I'll support you.
Well...
We'd be glad to help.
When my shipmates and I pull into port after several weeks at sea...
Oh, let's try again, alright?
When my shipmates and I pull into port after several weeks at sea, the first thing we do is...
Fine, smarty pants. Well, you play Steve then.
No, Roz, you're doing just fine.
Well, perhaps not sassy but you were simply saucy, that borders on sassy.
It takes some time to get the hang of it at first. But I mean, you should have heard my audition tape! I was so inept it was incredible.
Oh. Oh, you heard it? Well, then you see that...
Yes, well fine, so you get my point then...
Alright, Roz.
Alright!
Hello, Bebe.
Oh my goodness, what a flock. These all yours?
You brought them in a van?
Hello.
Oh, alright. Explain Freud's theory of the superego.
That's not what I asked.
Hello, Hank.
Well..
Oh Roz, I'm so excited for you.
Oh congratulations, Roz...
OK.
Yes well, I'm really thrilled for her, I am, but... God knows where I'm going to find another producer. I feel so in sync with her.
No, Bebe, I don't think so. Ah, I'm not proud to admit this, but there's a small part of me that hopes she won't get the job. God, I feel guilty just saying that.
Schweitzer.
And that is it for our show today. But before I sign off, this final note to Carla who called us earlier from the planet "Fripton." The technical term for your condition, which eluded me earlier, is "Schizophrenoform Disorder." Or in layman's terms...
Good Lord, is it someone's birthday?
Oh, Roz.
Roz, I'm so sorry.
Right.
Bebe, did you hear what happened to Roz?
What are you talking about?
You did what?! In here.
Oh, how could you?! I told you that I didn't want to lose Roz, but I didn't mean for you to sabotage her!
I mean it!
Will you stop winking! My God, I could never want such a thing! There's got to be some way I can still reverse this!
Listen Roz, this is something we need to talk about...
That's not necessary.
I can't argue with that! There's something I need to confess to you. As much as I hoped that you would get the job, there was a very small part of me - and a very selfish part - that hoped you wouldn't.
Oh, I'm glad you feel that way. Because I happened to mention those feelings to Bebe.
Just in passing.
Yes... well, she said I'd quit if you got the job.
Well, I'm glad to see that you're as mad at her as I am.
Me?
Well, it was just an offhand remark, how did I know how she'd react?
Oh Roz, I'm so sorry. Just tell me how I can make it up to you. I promise I will.
Yes, anything, just name it!
Well, em, how... isn't there something else you'd like?
You're right, Roz. How can I consider myself an ethical person when I have the Princess of Darkness conducting my business for me? Well, that's it, I'm going to have to fire that conniving harpy.
I'm ashamed to think how long I've turned a blind eye on her unscrupulous behaviour. What for? A 20% pay increase... six-week paid vacation... an expense account... a travel allowance...
Well, not anymore!
Bebe, we're going to discuss what happened this morning - this time you won't wink your way out of it!
No, thank you.
Bebe, what you did today was unfair, and not just to Roz but to me.
Thanks to you, a strain has been put on our relationship... both professional and... personally. All of this I might be able to let go of as an isolated incident, but... I am concerned that... Are you quite alright?!
Yes, do you really think that you can sit there popping a bunch of... Digitalis! Oh my God! You really are sick.
Alright Bebe, be that as it may, but I still...
Since the moment we met you showed yourself to be ruthless and untrustworthy. As these are qualities I do not wish to have associated with my name, I think it's best we simply part...
Bebe, you know I can't help noticing that none of your outside lines are lit up!
Is there nothing you won't stoop to?
No, stop it! Not one more crooked word! Your tongue could open a wine bottle. From now, Frasier Crane has resigned from your coven.
Oh pu-leeze!
Roz!
Well, she doesn't have to! He worships her!
No, Roz, don't look her in the eye!
Roz, listen to me, for God's sake. If you've got the tiniest shred of sense or dignity left, remember what this woman did to you this afternoon and renounce her. She has no scruples, no ethics, and no reflection!
Well, nice doing business with you. WINK!
You know I've only got a moment, you know I've started a very exciting project.
Yes, you know this is KACL's fiftieth anniversary. I did a little research and found out they used to specialise in live radio dramas. So, I'm putting one on. Dad, surely you must remember those?
Yes, people of dad's generation would sit around at night, listening to the radio absolutely mesmerised.
All right, dad. Anyway, I've spoken to the station manager. He's given me thirty minutes, to re-create the very first mystery KACL ever aired; "Nightmare Inn."
Exactly, and I'm going to direct.
Oh, that was just a little backstage horseplay to relieve tension.
I have no intention of performing in it myself. The only re- writing I've done is simply cutting to get it down to thirty minutes.
It's just a working title!
Well, that's our show for today, but let me remind you to tune in on Saturday night for KACL's presentation of "Nightmare Inn." Just set your dials for goosebumps. Till then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane reminding you that you never know what's lurking in the shadows.
No.
Oh don't be silly, Roz. It is a juicy part, it does call for a strong voice, but believe me, my hands are full.
You know Gil, I think that's just a bit too on the nose. But you know who you could play? Mr. Nigel Fairservice, drummed out of the Royal Air Force under mysterious circumstances.
Well actually, I'm working on that. You know, Jennifer down in accounting is married to a professional actor, who specialises in dialects. I'm thinking of asking him to play six or seven of the smaller parts.
Absolutely Bulldog, just as long as you promise to promote it on your show.
Does she have any experience?
Well, we do still have a part open for the maid, she only has one line.
No, it's simple; "Look out, he's got a gun!"
Well, OK, but you've got to agree to play a part too. We still need someone for the sinister silk merchant.
It's radio, Bulldog, she doesn't have to appear in costume.
Except the lead! I haven't found anyone remotely qualified to play a wily old Scotland Yard inspector. You know, you might be right, Roz, I'll have to bite the bullet and take on the part myself.
I'm afraid the role has already been cast.
Bulldog, Gil, right on time. We have to be on our toes tonight, we have a professional actor with us, Mel White, our man of a thousand voices.
Mel's going to play Hans the German butler, both McAllister sisters, and Pépo the dwarf; a little man with a big secret.
Yes, he's also playing Bull Kragen the game keeper, and O'Toole the handy man. Do you think you're up to it, Mel?
Isn't it lovely to be working with a professional! Bulldog, where's Maxine?
Never mind, she just has one line anyway. Look out, he's got a gun! You think you might be up to that this evening, Daphne?
Why yes, I had to cut the play by twenty minutes.
Saying "Gesundheit" after the butler sneezes?!
It's cut, Gil. Learn to let go.
Yes that's still in.
Yes, yes that one. Thank you. All right, I fear we might be running just a bit long still, so I've asked Daphne to time us this evening and also Noel hasn't rounded up all the sound effects yet, so I'm gonna have Daphne read those directions as well. Now that's a lot of responsibility on you Daphne, are you sure you're up to it? All right, start the watch. Stage direction.
Stop the watch. Roz, I have a line here that says, "when she opened her lips I caught a hint of some mixed exotic accent." You will notice it does not say, "when she opened her lips cheese fell out". Start the watch. This is a grisly business, Miss Thorndike.
That's easy for you to say, but my job is to suspect everyone. Please introduce me to your guests.
Stop the watch. What's your problem?
All right, all right, how about Wing? That's a great old Chinese name. Everybody change Wang to Wing in your scripts.
From your line. Start it.
Do you see anything suspicious, Wing?
All right, it's all right, I'll just adjust his dialogue later. Start.
Did anyone see you?
Stop! That's wonderful, Mel. But he sounds to me just a bit more Austrian than German.
Yes, well perhaps they have different standards than I have. All right everyone, from the beginning once again. Now let's try hard people, dig in! And try to find the reality. From the dwarf's entrance.
"And so the case was closed, and with a grateful shudder, I swore I'd never return to Nightmare Inn." Stop. Time?
Damn! I'll have try to pin some more before we try again.
Please, we're doing it until I'm completely satisfied, and that reminds me, Mel - I'm still not entirely happy with the second McAllister sister! She doesn't sound spinsterish enough for me.
Oh, wait!
Not to worry, I have a plan.
Niles.
Actually, he doesn't know about it yet. He would have never agreed.
I'm so, so sorry. I was tinkering with it till the very last minute, but not to worry. Your natural talent will carry you through. Look, take a look at this. Noel is going to give us a demonstration of the sound effects. What have you got, Noel?
What does that do?
Hello. Welcome.
Bulldog, work on her part?! It's just one line.
And you tell me that now.
Bulldog, you're on the radio all the time.
Listen, that's all part of the thrill of the live performance. Butterflies in the stomach, sweaty palms, scratchy throat, pounding heart! I suppose you have all of those?
Dear God, we've got sixty seconds.
Don't worry Niles, I'll just cue you as we go along.
Now, listen, your natural spontaneity is your best asset as an actor. What was it the Yale "Daily News" said about your Tartuffe?
All right everyone, places please.
Good evening, this is Frasier Crane to welcome you to KACL's recreation of the original mystery theatre...
In all my years at the Yard, I doubt I'd ever seen a fouler night than that on which I was called out to investigate a double murder at the old inn on the moors. The door was answered by Miss Carlotta Thorndike. Her face was unfamiliar and when she opened her lips I caught a hint of some exotic accent.
This is a grisly business, Miss Thorndike.
That's easy for you to say. But my job is to suspect everybody. Please, introduce me to your... no, no, never mind. I know your guests by reputation. This must be Mr. Wing, the silk merchant. Did you witness anything suspicious, Wing? Of course, the inscrutable and mute Mr. Wing, who wears a bell on his hat. Did you witness anything suspicious, Wing? No, eh? I'll remember you said that.
Did anyone see you?
I tried to shake Nigel's alibi, but each witness was adamant. O'Toole!
Hans!
Miss McAllister!
There remained one suspect, whose whereabouts had not yet been established - Pépo the dwarf, a retired circus performer. Exactly where were you when the murders occurred, Pépo?
Pépo, where were you?
At the movies you say, well one quick phone call can verify that!
What's this? Dear God, the phone lines have been cut. Oh, we were really stranded. Totally and completely isolated from any contact with the outside world.
The phone lines have been repaired, you say? Hello? Wait, they've gone dead again.
Who knows what other surprises this night may bring?
Yes, I'm sorry, Niles, but you're doing brilliantly. Except your Hans could be a bit gruffer!
I'm sorry, you're right. I'm just a bit more worried of being over time. Gil, at the bottom of page fourteen, listen, after your shot just say "I'm dying," cut the rest.
Yes, I know.
Stop whining! We've got a play to do!
Oh, all right, please, quiet everybody. Ten seconds! Oh, Maxine, be sure to watch out for your cue and please, people let's pick up the pace. Nightmare Inn, Act Two. I was baffled, they all had alibis. Suddenly Miss Thorndike pointed, her eyes wide with alarm!
Why yes, Miss Thorndike, it appears to be... The ice-cream truck! But never mind that, suddenly the storm put the lights out. And we were left with darkness. Then a scream.
A gun! A gun is what he's got. When the lights came back up, a smoking gun lay on the table. The maid lay dead, unable to name her killer. Nigel Fairservice lay mortally wounded.
Poor man was gone.
Just then the lights went out again. Nigel Fairservice was shot again.
The final bullet, blew his head clean off his shoulders. All right people, let's try to keep calm although it's hard when the killer is among us.
And so died the last surviving member of the Fairservice family.
By this time, I was more baffled than ever. So I played a hunch; Hans, may I see your fingernails?
They seem a bit ragged for a butler!
Well then, that pretty much wrapped things up! Hans was a mass murderer, who to the surprise of everyone, the case was closed. And with a grateful shudder, I swore I never would return to Nightmare Inn!
Well, we still have nine minutes remaining. Perhaps we could have a little post-play discussion?
So I'm not crazy.
Oh, fewer nuts, more money - something I've been aspiring to for my entire professional life!
As flattered as we are that you've chosen our company over, say... a shower, perhaps you'd like to go to the ladies room to freshen up a little bit?
Oh, by the way Niles, my benefit for the Seattle Theatre Ensemble is tonight - I haven't recieved your check yet.
Professional people... around our age..
Same social standing...
Specific-minded... interested in the arts...
Well, why didn't you say so?
Well, pertaining to my RSVP list there should be quite a few available women.
Oh look, here comes Sherry and Dad.
No, no, no, no, I invited them.
Oh, just relax. I came up with a rather ingenious plan to occupy their evening - I bought tickets to an event which is right up their aisle. I felt so mortified just buying the tickets, I paid cash so they couldn't trace it back to me.
Oh, good Lord! Yes!
Right here.
Oh, don't look so smug - try skating and blowing into a jug while your heart's breaking!
Well, actually these are gifts for you and dad.
I hope you're free.
Oh, yes.
Oh, I'm sorry. Roz Doyle, my producer, you haven't met my dad's inamorata, Sherry Dempsey.
Oh, who cares?! The least I can do to lengthen out a few precious moments of silence without her underfoot. The woman's practically moved in with me.
Be calm now, come on. You may not look your best today but there's a man sitting right over there - he can't keep his eyes off of you.
Right over there.
Well, here's a hint: Got Milk?
At first, I was terribly nervous about hosting these things, but it seems to be going rather well.
What are you doing? You look nauseated!
Stop it! My God, people'll think the shrimp is bad. Alright, which one?
Oh well, thank you, it's good to see you. Have you met my brother, Dr. Niles Crane?
Oh, me too.
Well, I'm certainly glad that you did it with me.
Oh, that's Matthew Apinnion - he's one of the theatre's biggest benefactors.
Well, I'm sure he just wandered in there by mistake.
Interesting piece of information. Something tells me that the theatre's going to get that new sound system.
Alright. Er... Alexander Pope once wrote that the theatre "aspires to wake the soul by tender strokes of art, to raise the genius and to mend the heart." I'd like to say that it's my privelege to help ensure the survival of this noble calling. And, er, thank you all for coming and I'll see you on the opening night "Run For Your Wife!"
Oh well, hardly. My Muse, alas, is somewhat ephemeral.
Leslie, of course.
I'd be delighted too.
Thank you.
Niles, was that Natalie Spencer I saw you talking with?
And?
Not hardly, I wouldn't do that sort of thing. I came over here to gloat because two women came onto me!
My God, I've never had a night like this in my entire life! I'm a babe magnet, I'm catnip!
No, no, no, your path is clear.
Well Niles, I'll tell you what. Seeing as how Cupid has so amply stocked my quiver this evening, I shall try and shine on your behalf.
Kimberly, good evening.
Thank you. Listen, I don't usually do this sort of thing but there's a gentlemen here tonight who's rather taken with you. He's an eligible doctor, he's just a bit shy about coming over and expressing those interests to you.
Oh, do you know my brother?
Well Doug, it's possible you're simply going through a dry spell. Good Lord, it happens to all of us. Months go by with nothing, then completely out of the blue you get not one but three offers, without doing anything. Not just for any jobs either, but for desirable ones, with ample salaries and fabulous perks. Be patient. Finding employment is much like dating - opportunities come along when you least expect them.
Two? Well, that must make you the envy of MOST men! Well, that's all for today, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780.
Ask me if I'm free this weekend.
Roz, ask me, come on. And let me remind you, it's a three- day weekend.
No, I have a date this evening. And I've got a date tomorrow night. Oh, and let me check my calendar for Sunday. Oh yes, another date!
Not bad?! If I didn't know better, I'd say someone was a little jealous. After this weekend you may have to give up your dating crown!
It's a wonder you could rotate anything after that! Alright, I concede.
Sure.
Well, it's a bit unusual but it's sweet nonetheless.
Roz, does this have something to do with an old high-school chum you ran into yesterday during your holiday from hygiene?
Come on, you're a beautiful, intelligent woman. Do you really care what impressions people in your past have about you?
Hello? Why-y-y, Norm Peterson, you old horse thief! Thanks for calling back so soon. Well... just guess who's got three dates this weekend!
What the hell are you doing?
Not that, the voice.
You're certainly trying this American!
And who is your tutor, a drag queen?
Yes, alright, thank you, Daphne - very much.
Try hauling it out of here!
Kimberly, hello.
Oh, well let me take your things.
Oh, well thank you again for chairing. Listen, did we make as much money as we hoped to?
My favorite sort of evening.
As could I. Here we are - some wine, perhaps?
To... Possibilities.
Well, actually I first caught the acting bug back at prep school. The very first production I ever did was "A Mid- Summer Night's Dream." Not to toot my own horn but my Bottom recieved a standing ovation.
And you? How did you get involved?
Really?
Heavens, yes. You know, I have dream of some day owning a big house in the country where I can have as many dogs as I like.
I just recently became one!
Well, thank you, Sherry. Kimberly Egan, this is my father Martin Crane, and this is his companion Sherry Dempsey.
Yes, as much as I could use that right now, I think I'll pass.
Well, actually I don't think...
You know, Sherry, I think we've both heard this joke.
Free range!
Good, we can joke about this. Kimberly, please, can I at least call you in a few days?
Go ahead!
So, Sherry's not there for longer than thirty seconds and she chases Kimberly right out of the apartment.
Look, this accent thing's getting downright annoying! Well anyway, I've been trying to call Kimberly all day to apologize...
What are you doing?
There's a hidden camera up there?
Oh!
Oh fine, Sherry's still here! You know, she stays later each morning and more nights each week! It's not what I had in mind when I moved in here. It's bad enough I have to deal with Eddie and Dad and... their shenanigans!
They're arguing. Could there be trouble in paradise?
No, they might stop!
Just now.
I've never heard them talking like that before. Dare I get my hopes up?
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Well, the man would say, "well it's your own fault, you started it!
I don't feel like sitting!
Well, you made me angry!
Oh Daphne, I'm sorry...
You're right. We're made up already.
Daphne, please, Sherry and dad don't have make-up sex.
My dad and Sherry do not have sex!
Did that actually just happen?
Are you okay with this?
Are you sure?
Perhaps I should go see if he feels like talking about it.
Hello? Oh yes, hi, Niles. Well, actually it isn't a very good time. No, well dad and Sherry just broke up. He seems to be taking it okay, I guess. Oh no, I don't think it's appropriate. Well, it's just too soon for us to be celebrating right now.
It's still too soon, Niles!
Yes, of course, Roz. What is it?
Those are the very words I would use to woo my dear Lilith.
And you were wondering if I might meet her for a drink, which might lead to dinner, and then after that who knows where?
Ooh, oh Roz. Do you hear that?
If you listen very carefully you can actually hear my skin crawling!
Oh, Roz.
Oh, it has not been that long. I mean, that is a laugh! Hah! The last time was... er... well, let’s see... Well, the tree was still up. Oh, God!
Oh Roz, I’m not interested.
A woman golfer. Are we quite certain there is a right guy?
Not this one.
A chess player, did you say?
You know, Dad, there are some fathers who actually praise their sons and whistle at their dog?
Well, if you must know I’m meeting a friend of Roz’s today after work, but it’s no big deal.
It has not been that long!
Yes, it’s a new suit. Yes, I’m meeting a woman. And yes, it has been a while.
Daphne, are you finished here with the microwave?
Yes, well, English cooking strikes again!
Well, I think you should be happy that one of your patients feels healthy enough to terminate his therapy.
Yes, well if Mr. Blackwell comes in I’ll create a diversion, you can make a dash for it.
An advertisement? Isn’t that a bit commercial for a psychiatrist?
All right. "Dr. Niles Crane, Jung specialist. Servicing individuals, couples, groups. Satisfaction guaranteed. Tell me where it hurts." Well, that’s just excellent, Niles. All you’re missing now is a very tasteful cartoon of you smiling brightly and holding a shrunken head!
Hi, Roz.
You didn’t say anything to her?
Good, good. Now, listen. If I don’t like her I will simply excuse myself and leave. But if I do like her I will find some polite and discrete way of hinting to you that you may go...
Beat it, Roz!
Thank you.
Oh, well, not lately!
Well, you know, as long as you’re here you might as well join me.
Bye, Roz.
What a kind thing to say.
Really? May I ask what the problem was?
Ah, well, I don’t think that’s too great a problem, but if I were to make a recommendation it might be to start seeing a therapist.
Hello, Bulldog.
Well, actually I wasn’t, no!
Yes, good to see you, Bulldog. Don’t be a stranger.
1992? You know, that’s a fabulous year for a particular Chambertin I took a shine too...
You know, this reminds me of a debate I had with my brother Niles about whether or not Steven Sondheim is really light opera...
Well, no, I don’t play.
Likewise.
Bulldog! Roz set this up that I might meet Sharon. Until you got here things were going in a very positive direction.
Is there nothing I can do to appeal to your sense decency?
What? Oh, oh. Haven’t you spoken with Sharon?
Look, before you snap my behind with a wet towel, last time I saw Sharon she was leaving Café Nervosa with Bulldog.
Well, I don’t know. The whole thing was sort of a blur. We were talking about golf and something called a handicap, the next thing I know I’m sitting there with a cappuccino muttering to myself in a very soothing voice.
It’s all right, Roz. It’s just the whole thing catapulted me back to high school. You know me as an adult, but back then I was rather an un-athletic, bookish sort.
Jocks were the bane of my existence. They would always call me a "weenie" and steal all the girls that I wanted.
Friends, yeah, yeah. Any time they wanted a sensitive shoulder to cry on, until some blond-headed pillar testosterone would come by and it was, "Bye Frasier, we can study later." I’d head home to Niles and we’d put on "The Brandenberg Concertos" and play air violin.
I suppose you were Miss Popular at High School?
I’m guessing that explains why, too!
You had sex with Sharon?
Don’t ask me. I don’t even know who you are!
This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780 Talk radio.
You know, Niles, what say I buy us dinner with a lot martinis?
I take it you had a bad day too?
Oh yes - "Dr. Niles Crane, Jung specialist," blah blah blah.
"Dr. Niles Crane..." "Hung specialist." Oh, my!
Well... any calls?
Yes. We’ll start with double martinis.
I’m sorry, Bulldog.
Bulldog – are you going to be all right?
In a minute.
Bulldog, are you going to be all right? Do you think you can take the show?
Me? A sports show?
OK, sports enthusiasts. This is Dr. Frasier Crane filling in for Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe. You’re on the air.
Are you speaking of the frothy musical adaptation, or the baseball team of which I know nothing?
Doesn’t that take me back? But he brings up a good point. You see, while I’m on the air, please feel free to call up about anything other than sports. Please. Hello, you’re on the air.
Yes! You’re on the air.
What is going on?
Look, Niles, we have to pull this man together in minutes, not in a lifetime!
We don’t have the time for this. Now get out!
All right, Bulldog. Look, we’re on a newsbreak. You have got to pull yourself together, because there is no way I’m enduring anymore of that humiliation!
You have got to! I can’t even decipher the abbreviations on the scoresheets. I’m guessing by your producer’s guffaws that "IND" is not the Cleveland Independents!
Positively bone chilling.
I know, I know, Bulldog. You know, often through pain we can achieve emotional growth. It reminds me of a paper I recently presented to the Vancouver Psychiatric Association. The ground of my discourse was that the sufferer - i.e., you...
Like a guy... Like a guy... SCREW HER!
Yeah, you don’t need her. She’s trash!
You’re better off without her, we both are!
Yeah, so do I. Unattractive yet liberating, rather like the one and only time I wore a European bathing suit. I’m sorry. SHE’S A BITCH!
You’re right. All she did was save you the trouble of having to dump her!
There you go!
That’s right.
Likewise. You know I could talk like this for another thirty seconds.
She was nothing! She was less than nothing!
Tomorrow you’re gonna find someone even hotter, and you know what you’re gonna do?
You’re gonna have your fun with her, and then you’re gonna DUMP her just for the hell of it!
And you know what?! You’re not gonna feel bad about it at all! And you know why?! BECAUSE WE’RE GUYS! AND THAT’S WHAT GUYS DO!!!!!
SCREW HIM!
You heard what I said! We don’t need him or his stinky little restaurant! There are plenty of restaurants in town! I say we go somewhere we don’t even need a reservation!
Thank you, Niles.
Yes, you know, if we hasten, perhaps we can catch the first seating at Cigar Volante.
Daphne, shh... do you hear that?
The sound of a Sherry-free apartment. I've been basking in it for the last thirty minutes. Right now, I feel like a seafront village after the Vikings have left.
That must be Niles!
Niles. I'd offer you a sherry, but I'm fresh out!
Well no, not after what happened last time - your watchband got caught in my hair.
Yes.
Niles!
Daphne, we had this discussion already - he's fine!
Leave the complex analysis to the professionals!
It's a clearcut case of Post-Sherry Euphoria!
Oh, there's my canapés.
You'll get a full debriefing - As, hopefully, will I.
Alright, young animal: learn from the master! Now, bottle these time-honored traditions, and you too might get lucky with that young Pekinese peach you've been eyeing in the park. Now, for mood: Vivaldi. And then, for lighting: not so bright as to show the wrinkles, not so dark as to make her think you're hiding anything. Oops, and leaving nothing to chance: Pouisse Fuisse 1992 - elector a la carte. Dear God, I could teach a course!
Adair. Come in, may I take your coat?
Oh, nothing special.
Well, there's one thing I've learned - that life is nothing without spontaneity.
Come and have a look at the city.
My sentiments exactly.
Here, a glass of wine. Here we are. To... Possibilities.
Well, if you can, don't tell me. I have a telescope and I'm not to be trusted!
Well, don't get your hopes up! Duck confit.
Sherry. Er, my father's not here right now. I'll tell him you stopped by.
Well, why don't you tell me what it is, I'll have it messengered over tomorrow.
Alright, listen, I'm on a date here. So just try to make it quick.
She's fine, we're fine, go on.
Father's ex-girlfriend. Well, where were we?
Well, no, actually. I'm really rather lonely. Tell you what, take my telescope home, you can see for yourself.
Oh well, yes, okay, bye-bye.
Well you got what you came for, off you go...
Alright, off you go!
Some more wine?
My God, you could hardly call what happened last night a date. The woman who organised the benefit came by, she just dropped in to say thank you.
Well, I hardly know the woman, she spent all of ten minutes here!
Adair! Listen, listen, this is all in your mind! I mean, we spent one night together, she means nothing to me!
Go ahead!
So, for the second time in two nights Sherry manages to chase away another date! She's like a scarecrow in the cornfield my love life!
Well no, we haven't, Roz. I suppose you finally tracked him down?
The vain, neurotic, lying Roz?
Oh hi, Sherry.
Oh, of course not.
Well, not really. You know how closed up Dad is. Well, he did say that the breakup was a long time coming.
Yes, well I certainly can tell why you're confused. Well... if you'd like, I could speak to him on your behalf. Ow!
Of course.
I haven't so far.
You didn't have to kick me at all!
I have no intention in repairing the rift. God, last night for the first time in months I wasn't jolted awake at two a.m. by her rousing rendition of "Funky Mountain Breakdown"! It seems a little odd that Dad chose to break up with Sherry just after he told her he loved her.
Yes, well I think he does share her feelings. He just panicked out of fear.
Well, lots of things: change, commitment, becoming vulnerable to someone again. I'm just afraid he broke up with her for all the wrong reasons.
The least I can do is have a talk with him.
As a general rule Niles, the photographer is not related to the antelope!
I have a date in forty-five minutes, and a bleeding antelope sitting in a Baracalounger in my apartment!
Not so fast, Mr. Hicks. You won't find me doing anything foolish.
Daphne.
Yes, you too.
Oh Dad, listen, I'm glad you're home. We've gotta talk.
We have to talk about you and Sherry.
Dad, listen, I spoke with Sherry today.
Well, she came to see me. She was a bit confused about what happened the other day and well, from her story, I think what you're contending with here is a classic case of panic induced by fear of commitment.
Yes, well she also told me about a little incident that took place the other evening, where she expressed her feelings for you and you hesitantly reciprocated.
Well, listen Dad, there's my date. I'm sorry for butting into your life but I happen to be concerned about you. You may find it hard to believe but your welfare happens to be very important to me.
Ah, Sherry.
I saw that, Dad! I saw the way you looked at her. You can't convince me you don't feel the same way about her that she does about you!
Alright, fine, it's your life. I wouldn't interfere.
Wait, can you just stay for a few minutes? I think I can straighten this whole thing out.
Yes, well he's just being his stubborn, ornery self.
Alright, I'll just go and talk to him. Stay here.
Oh, Leslie.
Oh, dear God. Sherry, this is Leslie; Leslie, Sherry. Leslie, come on in.
No! Oh, no... need to ask.
May I take your coat? Yes, there we are. You see, Sherry is my father's lady friend and they're going through a bit of a rough patch. If you'll excuse for just a moment, I have to talk with him. Just a minute...
No, no. I mean, look at this fabulous sunset, isn't that something?
Yes, it is! Excuse me for a minute... Oh wait, some wine?
To... possibilities.
Oh, Dad.
Oh, no trouble at all, Dad.
Dad, you and Sherry...
She came in to borrow the powder room, I'll be right back.
How's everything out here?
Fine, fine. I think I just need a few more minutes.
Oh, what and miss this fabulous sunset?
So it is!
Here we go, to possi- oh, what am I doing?!
Two minutes, no more!
Oh, not you, Leslie.
Dad, I am not trying to torture you.
Alright, listen, I'm still a bit confused about something, maybe you can help me understand it. You said that you don't have any feelings for this woman. Alright then, fine. Why is it for the last three months you've been happier than since my mom died?
I didn't mean to bring her into this. That's not what I'm talking about... Dad, is that what this about? Mom?
Listen, I'm a psychiatrist.
Dad, that is just classic defensive...
Excuse me, butterfingers!
Now listen, Dad, I do not mean to upset you. I believe that the feelings that you're going through here are feelings guilt. It's probably natural to feel that way - my God, I understand exactly what you're going through.
Dad, there was a time after my first marriage was breaking up, I was talking to Mom. She said to me, "Frasier, you've got to promise me you're not going to give up." I said, "Mom, please, the last thing I want to hear is a bunch clichés, and that we're all put on the earth to love each other, and how it's certainly possible for the human heart to love more than one person." I said, "Alright, Mom, give me one good reason to ever let myself fall in love again." She said, "Because I said so and I'm your mother!"
Well, does it help to remind you that Sherry's a pretty great lady too? God, dad, she makes you happy. Niles and I would give anything to have what you have. Well, not WHAT you have but what you HAVE.
Well, don't you think you should let her decide that?
Well, it looks like those two could use a little privacy. You mind if I take you to the restaurant a little early?
We can finish off the wine later... not that we're coming back here... not that I'm obverse to that, of course... I mean, if you're in the mood for a night count.... a nightcap!
Yes. Gee, I can't thank you enough for being tolerant about the time delay.
You'd be surprised, lately women just fly into rages intolerance under the slightest provocation....
Oh, good Lord, step lively!
Thank you, Sherry. Off we go!
No! I mean, don't you think the walk would do them good?
Yes...
Hold the elevator, will you? Eddie!
Well, you could at least act surprised!
Morning, Sherry.
No thank you, caffeine only weakens the immune system. I'm fighting off a flu.
No, no that's really not necessary.
Yes, in keeping with the trusty adage, "starve a cold, disgust a fever."
Oh, bless you.
Hmm.
Yes, hot.
Dad please, I'm trying to read.
Perhaps someone wouldn't stop talking about the weather.
Please, would you two spare me the single entendre this morning? I'm trying to avoid getting sick.
Yes, I'm sure with good aim it could bring down an elk!
Just stop right there. I'm trying to have a peaceful morning and I do not want to be put on the spot, I do not want to eat some bizarre breakfast concoction, and I do not want to discuss the weather. I just want to try and conserve energy, sit here, and enjoy my paper.
Bup-bup-bup! Not another word!
Bup! I don't care who did what to whom or in what disgusting manner. As we speak, hordes of viral Visigoths are hurling themselves over the battlements of my immune system, laying waste to my... Oh, dear God, you see how weak I am? I can't even finish a simple Visigoth metaphor.
Hey! Roz, I meant what I said! I simply cannot deal with other people's problems today.
Oh... Roz, please, I need my rest. You know, even if I didn't, I do not want to be poked and prodded by a bunch of desperate, alcohol-lubricated husband-hunters.
Cheryl - isn't she the one who, at the last company wedding, hip-checked you into the ice sculpture in her headlong rush to catch the bouquet?
Is Seattle experiencing a Prozac shortage?!
Sorry Dad, it was all I could do to get through my show. King Solomon has split his last baby for the day, my health is hanging by a thread. Bup-bup-bup! You're just going to have to settle this amongst yourselves, quietly!
I'm taking a bath.
They're aromatherapeutic. And exactly what part "I'm taking a bath" did you take to mean "come on in"?
Yes, all right, unless blood has been spilled, and on a carpeted area, I don't care. Now get out!
Do you mind!
Daphne, please, you can't come in here.
No, she can't, no-one can!
All right! I am moments away from succumbing once and for all to this flu. I am going to take one stab at this and then I am going to sink, Hippopotamus-like, beneath the bubbles. I think what this all comes down to is a dispute over turf. Daphne and Sherry are like two animals scent-marking their territory, which in this case is you, Dad.
All right, all right, fine, it's like the Roman emperor Tiberius, his mother Livia, and his wife Vipsania.
Fine! Daphne: your primary role in this household is to take care of Dad. Sherry: you also enjoy taking care Dad. I suspect that your attempts to find Daphne a boyfriend are really an unconscious ploy to get her out of the way. It's unconscious.
Daphne, naturally you are threatened by this and you feel you are no longer needed.
Nobody's going to be singing anything tonight! Daphne, I think we now all understand why you stormed out of here earlier. A strong emotion like not feeling wanted can drive anyone into a rash and impulsive act.
Well, at the root of this, you're both just feeling insecure.
Though it could probably have been avoided if Dad had been sensitive enough to remind you that you are both important in his life.
Now, that is not important. We all feel better now.
Oh look, I am running out of patience, I am running out of strength, and I am running out of bubbles! Please, the lecture has ended!
Oh please, Niles. Look, unconsciously you knew it wasn't right. That's why you brought Daphne back here.
You're a doctor. Why didn't you just use your prescription pad?
Isn't there an all-night pharmacy across the street from your building?
Well, that's our show for today. But before we close I'd like to invite you all to join us here at KACL in wishing a fond farewell to our Happy Chef, Leo Pasquale, as he bubble-wraps his crepe pan and heads south towards sunny Santa Fe. Leo, you stirred us with your passion; melted us with your charm; added spice to our lives. Now as you whisk yourself away let's not say goodbye, but rather “tartar” for now. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780.
Oh, dear God, there is nothing I detest more than a KACL goodbye party. They're all the same – twist-top wine with a bunch of people standing round awkwardly trying to summon up some affection for someone they hardly even know. It always ends up reeking of insincerity.
Well, Bulldog certainly is.
Well, actually I think I'm going to pass.
That is precisely what I'm trying to avoid. Since when did we become a society of huggers? We hug for everything nowadays. "Hello" - hug; "Congratulations" - hug; "Nice haircut" - hug. It's absurd. I mean, if we want to express real emotion for someone - I mean, where is there left to go?
Well, in that case you should outlive Styrofoam!
You know I wouldn't miss saying goodbye to you for the world.
You have no idea how hard this is for me.
I must say, Niles, that is a striking tie you're wearing.
Oh yes. I remember her struggle to lose that holiday pound.
You know, I would think wearing a tie that Maris gave you might make you feel a little bit melancholy.
Really?
And she agreed?
Congratulations.
Yes. I can tell without looking that they've got Chad back on steamer duty.
Now listen. I know you're upset, but let's remember why you left Maris in the first place: you were tired of groveling.
Fine! Go ahead and toddle on back to Maris. Let her grind you under her boot heel for another twelve years, rob you of whatever self-respect you've still retained, then we can have this conversation all over again!
Sorry.
That would be Niles. I'm taking him to lunch to get his mind off his troubles.
Dad, I'm sorry, I don't think he's ready to talk about it so we're not talking about it.
Niles.
You know, I think Daphne's fighting an uphill battle with this little project of hers.
It's a journal.
These must be notes from one of her research projects. "It's hard to imagine two male siblings who could be more different than Frasier and Niles."
"Though both are highly intelligent, Frasier is clearly the more dominant of the two while Niles remains extremely passive." Fascinating!
"What Niles lacks in assertiveness he makes up for in an abnormally fussy grooming regimen."
Where does it say that?
Good Lord. This cuts rather close to the bone. Just yesterday Roz was accusing me of the same thing. I always thought it was just an aversion to social hugging but apparently it goes deeper than that. You know, maybe this is something I should work on. What do you think?
Niles?
Well, you shouldn't let that upset you. You've broken that pattern. You could have knocked that under and gone groveling back to Maris but you didn't. You know Niles, I don't think I've ever been more proud of you.
Well, pardon me for trying. I am new at it.
What?
Niles, you didn't.
Well, how did she respond?
I'm going with you.
"Constantly allows himself to be cowed and dominated, especially by females."
You're right. That was harsh. Come here
Niles, I'm still a little uneasy about this. What if one the servants sees us?
Yes! All it takes is stealth, cunning and a key to the door!
Niles, don't they look just a bit agitated to you?
Right!
They're toying with us!
Well I guess we're just going to have to wait until Lady Baskerville comes back from the spa!
Oh. I do see your point.
No, Niles. We can't feed them raw meat, it'll only stimulate their bloodlust.
Right!
Wait! What if Maris is out of pills?
Oh, I see.
Niles, that's three meatballs in a row right in the koi pond! Stop trying to throw! Just drop them, you can drop straight, can't you?!
A splat! Do it again. Excellent! They're eating it! All right that's enough. Good boys. Yes, that's right, eat hearty. Oh, you missed one right over there in the garden by the tulips. Oh, there's a few more over there in the koi pond next to the... sleeping koi.
Niles? Niles, this painting here in the living room – have you always had this?
No, no, it must be a different painting. This is Maris next to a really big tree.
In that case, I wouldn't look too closely at the face of that skunk in the flowerbed.
How so?
Oh, that candelabra?
I think you owe us all a candelabra for that. Niles, look. It seems to be working. The dogs are getting drowsy.
I knew.
What are you doing?
Niles, you know I'll support any decision you make, but are you sure?
Are you OK?
Oh, I don't know. Maybe they're just playing possum with us.
Good for you. I'm going to run like hell out the front door.
Yes. Niles has decided to begin divorce proceedings.
Now we thought it might be nice to have a family dinner this evening at Chez Shea, so we stopped by to invite the two you to join us.
If you choose you never have to see Maris again.
Oh God, you're not having second thoughts?
Now, now, Niles. It's only natural for you to feel a little bit shaky, but believe me, you made the right decision.
Let's just check what prompted us to it. Here: "Niles is incapable of asserting himself, especially in front of females!"
"As I write this he lies, staring out the window, licking himself!"
"He's become so subservient lately that when he's finished grooming himself he often begins licking Frasier."
"April 14th. The day I've dreaded for weeks: Frasier died this morning. I never would have guessed that my heart could ache so over the death of my beloved lab rat. My only consolation is the knowledge that I will soon give birth to my first child."
Our mother named us after rodents.
Niles...
Niles, your reasoning was still sound.
Niles is just a bit distraught.
Niles, don't talk that way! My God man, you've got to calm down.
Of course he'll be all right, Dad. Niles! Just remember to keep breathing. And trust me – this is not the end. Your life is not over! Niles! NILES!
Oh my God!
Oh Niles, I'm so happy for you!
Wait, I just thought of something! What if Maris is out pills?
Yes . . . our mother named us after rodents.
Niles, how do you feel?
Dad, is Niles home?
For God's sake, I've been standing out front for twenty minutes, we're going to be late for our squash court! Nice cardigan.
You don't seem very happy about it.
Dad! Spontaneous gift-giving is one of life's great pleasures. Didn't you ever give Mom anything without a warning?
There you are! Come on, Niles, let's shake a leg! We're going to be late for our court time.
Niles!
Get the hell off the phone!
Please, don't you realise it's also rude to be late for an appointment!
Well, I hope you're happy, we've now officially lost our court!
Well, of course it is. I was just looking forward to playing.
No, I do.
No, no... Niles, I would love to see you and Maris reconciling, if that's what you want. I'm just afraid you might be going a bit too quickly. Would you like some coffee?
Need I remind you that only last month she served you divorce papers!
Right, well, er, that's a tough question. You know, perhaps the better question would be, do you think you and Maris are meant to be together?
Niles, please, I don't want to play God!
Well, for starters I'd issue a recall on some of my lesser species!
Get out!
Well, this is Dr. Frasier Crane saying goodbye and good mental health.
Oh, Lord, he must really want an answer to that question.
Well, yesterday he asked me straight up if I thought he and Maris were meant for each other.
Yeah, you're telling me. In fact, I don't even know what my answer is.
I don't know, Roz.
Yeah, you're right. I guess there's only one way to answer that question.
No, I don't.
Roz!
Stop it, get a hold of yourself! I was thinking about what you had said. I'm going to tell Niles yes, I think he and Niles were meant to be together.
We have a little date tonight.
Well, it's no big deal, I don't even think she's interested in me.
Yes, you are. But of course, I'll be seeing you as well.
You think so?
Is that a good sign?
It probably should be a very interesting night. Though she is very attractive, slender...
Oh, not this again!
Oh, please.
The Liberty Bell has a crack in it!
What is all this?
Good Lord, it's like Christmas morning in the Gambino household!
That's strange. I just made that date this morning, he must be really champing at the bit to get an answer to that question.
Oh, he asked me if I thought he and Maris were meant to be together.
Oh wonderful, dad, we've found a new word to strike from your vocabulary. Along with patootie and bupkis!
Well, I think I have to. But listen, I'm just going to play it safe. Tell him yes. He's gonna do what he wants to anyway.
Well, when we were younger, there was a certain sway I had over him. Oh God, do you remember that time back in prep school when he was going to try out for the track team and I convinced him all the really cool kids were going to join the Madrigal society.
Hmm, perhaps I have underestimated my influence. You know, frankly, my opinion could be the single most important factor in his making this decision.
Oh, please, dad. You don't know what it's like to have your opinion matter! Niles depends on me, he deserves my true and honest answer.
Well, Maris has always been spoilt and selfish and led him around by the nose, I'd have to say my answer would be no. Thank you, dad. I've changed my answer from a yes to a no.
On the other hand... I knew it. You know, there are a lot of other factors here, dad. Niles does love Maris.
She has agreed to go into therapy; Niles swears that she's a changed person. I don't know, I guess if I really want to know what's going on in Maris's mind, I've got to ask her myself.
You agree with that, don't you dad?
Well, I've got a couple of hours before my date. So what I'm going to do, if I really want to know was Maris is thinking, I will go directly to the source.
Marta!
Marta, I can't tell you how nice it is to see you again.
I see your English lessons with Maris are progressing, yes?
Listen Marta, I'm going to come right to my point. Dr. Crane and Maris - Missy Crane - have both been seeing a couples' therapist lately and I understand it's going very well.
Really? So you would say that she is a changed person?
Oh, all right then, this is my question: if Dr. Crane and Mrs. Crane were to get back together, do you... do you think Mrs. Crane would treat Dr. Crane better?
Marta, you've been most helpful. You know, lately I've been wondering if Niles and Maris ought to be together. Now, thanks to you, I know that the answer to that question is yes.
What? Did I say something funny?
Oh, that's all right, I understand.
Well, there is a limit!
Oh, Daphne.
Yes it was, we were just sharing a coffee. You know, I wanted to help allay some of my fears about Niles and Maris getting back together.
Wait, wait, Daphne, what do you mean?
Gee, it never occurred to me that Marta might have an ulterior motive.
Well, this taints Marta's entire testimony. Is it possible she could have lied to me? Now then, with my training there aren't many things that can escape my notice, as I'm sure you've observed, Daphne. Gee, how could she lie to me? Now you see the predicament I am in. Every time somebody gives me a valid argument, somebody else comes along and gives me a perfectly valid counter-argument. One minute I think the answer is yes, the next minute I think it's no! God, this is driving me crazy. Well, I've got to stick with it, Niles asked me what I think... that's it... what I think! Of course I don't know what I think right now, well. But it's hard to be focused...
Don't you agree, Daphne?
Hmmm? Me too.
Oh, yes, yes, I'm just a little preoccupied.
Stop obsessing! Enjoy the date!
Here we are.
Well, I've chosen a little Italian place I know, if that's all right?
Oh, I'm sorry. Well, I told myself I wasn't going to bring this up to you, and I don't really think it's appropriate for a first date, but I haven't been able to think about anything else all day, so here goes: Do you think it's possible for two people to be meant for each other?
Yes.
You do. But how do you know that they're meant for each other? Of course it's essential they have similar interests, goals in common...
Oh, well, that's a given. But you know, my ex-wife had all those things, our marriage was an unmitigated disaster.
No, not entirely.
I didn't have a show then. I just- what it comes down to is, what is that special something that makes us cry out, "Yes, you're meant to be together!"
Elise, I'm thinking you are quite the practical joker! Pretending not to know that I was really talking about my brother, Niles, and his wife. Surely Roz must have told you?
Sense of humour, that's another thing for two to have in common.
Elise, we can still go out, just pretend that none of this ever happened!
I can't for the life of me figure out why this decision is causing me so much anxiety. There's just so many things to be considered, you know.
On the one hand, you know, perhaps I'm afraid if Niles and Maris reconcile, well then we may lose the friendship he and I developed during their separation. On the other hand, if Maris does take him back, well then I won't have to feel so responsible for him. There's just so much at stake!
Oh, not that kind of steak! Listen, you're driving me crazy, I can't hear myself think here, I'm going to take a walk.
Oh, not with you. Go away. Time for your bath!
So gullible!
It's Frasier, let me in.
Well, the doorman was asleep.
I'm sorry, Niles, I apologise for the late hour.
Well, I was wandering Seattle in desperate search for an answer to your question. I know how crucial my opinion is to you and I didn't want to take your question lightly.
You asked me if I thought you and Maris were meant for each other.
I can't believe it! I've been to hell and back agonizing over this question and you forgot!
Thank you.
Well, this is hard for me to say but... no.
I don't think you and Maris are meant to be together. I believe that a marriage should be built on a foundation of friendship and mutual respect. With Maris I fear that you never experienced those things fully. And I question whether you'll ever be truly happy.
You're hurt, aren't you?
Did you just hear a bell?
There it is again.
Wait a minute... Oh, Niles! Maris is here, isn't she? How could you?!
How could you do something like this without waiting for my opinion?
Oh, why don't you just go run back to her before she sprains her wrist!
Oh Roz, I managed to get some reservations at San Gennaro tonight. I thought we'd go celebrate your birthday.
You're going out with that guy?
Keep in mind the service wasn't that good. Well, the reservation won't go to waste. I can always take Niles.
In other words, exchange my life for yours.
Oh, yes, yes, I do remember you calling in sick one Monday morning with a mariachi band in the background.
Mmm-hmmm.
Niles, there's something on your tie.
Yes, he is. Allow me. Ah, there. All right, there we go.
Oh Niles, I managed to score some reservations tonight at San Gennaro. You up for a little Italian?
Like some sherry?
So, those counseling session must be going very well.
I just can't picture Maris in Dad's '82 Impala.
Uh-huh. Yes, I remember the way you used to carry your inhaler around rolled up in the sleeve of your t-shirt. Oh, how about you two? You guys want to join me for dinner tonight?
Greg? I don't believe I've met him yet.
No, no. You don't have to put yourself out on my account, Dad. Oh Dad, did you happen to check this message?
Great news, Laura's in town!
A stranger who called my machine by mistake.
Uh, listen, is it possible to move to... to have a table elsewhere? I feel just a bit conspicuous right here.
Very well.
Perfectly all right. Just because I'm alone doesn't mean I'm lonely. Perhaps I could have a glass of your house cabernet.
Hello. What's your name?
Well, that's a bit complicated, Johnny.
Oh, well, that's a very... very sweet offer, and I know it's hard for a young boy to understand, but really, there's nothing wrong with someone eating by himself.
Oh, well that gave you an opportunity to think about your actions, didn't it?
Run along, Johnny.
Oh, thank you.
Please, stop! Tonight, I'd prefer to just... dine in the shadows, thank you.
As a matter of fact I am, yes.
Oh, good Lord, yes. I've actually been sitting here hoping somebody would- make good use of that chair.
Hi, um, Johnny said I could eat with you.
Not since Quasimodo strolled the streets of medieval Paris have so many people uttered the phrase, "That poor man."
Oh?
The height of the evening came when the entire staff of waiters delivered the birthday cake that I'd ordered for Roz and neglected to cancel. They sang to me.
Staying right with the story as usual, Dad. Anyway, after dinner I took a long stroll, and it suddenly struck me: I'm single. I'd gotten accustomed to thinking of myself as recently divorced, but that was five years ago. I'm forty- three, and I'm alone.
Good! Nothing spoils an apple pie like apples. Oh, Niles.
Well-
Cabernet.
Dad, am I the only one in this household who checks this machine?
Again.
Oh no, she won't, she'll take a cab.
I always loved the name Laura.
Really?
Oh, please, Daphne, a couple phone calls and you're fixing us up already.
Oh, sure it's fun to speculate, but, come on, you can't seriously be suggesting-
Boy, is that the one place that line would work.
She likes the sound of my voice. She's called me twice today. That's already the best relationship I've had this year.
Maybe. Oh, I don't know.
What the hell!
I can't believe I'm actually doing this!
No, Niles, stop right there! Don't say another word to me! I'll never do something this impulsive if I stop to overthink it. Just let me get the hell out of here before I change my mind!
But not before I change my shirt.
Uh, Laura? Looking for Molly?
Oh, no, no, no. I'm not a driver, I'm a psychiatrist, I'm here to help you.
No, no, no! I'm Doctor Frasier Crane.
Oh, you know me!
Well, actually... you left a couple messages on my machine today by mistake.
I didn't want you waiting around for someone who wasn't coming.
Yes. Yes, I am. Well, speaking of nice, I would be delighted to drive you to your sister's home.
Are you sure? It's no trouble at all.
Yes, I'd love that. May I take your cello?
That is funny! Here. So, are you with an orchestra?
So, what'll you have?
Two.
Yes... I mean, I agree with you about the sherry. So... um... why did you choose the cello?
That's not silly. It's lovely.
I had Sigmund Freud.
Well, I... I was tempted to, but he just would've read too much into it! Oh, thank you.
Well, if I am, my diagnosis so far is that I... I can't find a single thing wrong with you.
Yes. My second pleasant surprise this evening.
Oh... somehow I jumped to the conclusion that you were single. Wasn’t there something in your message about having been on your own too much, lately?
Oh... Well, I guess by now you've probably figured out that my coming down here wasn't entirely the act of a Good Samaritan. More like a lonely Samaritan. Guess it makes me seem sort of desperate.
Clearly, you were better at being single than I am.
I felt... completely exhilarated. In fact, it's the most fun I've had in recent memory.
I hope you didn't write your own vows.
I suppose. Well, you're smart, lovely, talented, able to look at the bright side of things. I'm getting more disappointed by the moment.
Oh, don't be. Look, I really did have fun. You know, it's not very often that I do something impulsive.
Oh, no, here, allow me. Allow me. I'm the nicest guy in the world, remember?
Here we are.
No, you don't have to finish that, but thank you very much for starting it.
Oh! Let me get that for you.
I'll just edit that part out.
Mmm-hmmm?
Oh, no, no, I'm sorry, but perhaps they can help you at the ticket counter.
Where're you headed?
Oh well, I'm just going to finish up my sherry, and then I'm off to.... I'm going to Mexico!
It's uncanny! What hotel are you staying at?
Why, that's where I'm staying! You're scaring me!
May I ask how old you are?
Well, hang on, Jimmy. Your parents are going to be stupid for another seven years.
I salute your optimism. We'll be right back after this.
Oh god, Roz. A teenager who's embarrassed by his parents? I mean, please. Can't you come up with something a little more challenging for me?
Oh, Rudy the Crier. Oh God. He's been on three times in the last month. You put him on again, he won't be the only one who's crying. God, I'm in a dry spell. Where are the souls in genuine torment? The people teetering on the brink of genuine despair?
Well, perhaps you're right. Oh, Roz, I've got a question I'd like to ask you.
Have you ever had a recurring dream of an intimate nature about someone... oh, a... well, a co-worker?
Oh, Roz!
Roz, not you!
Oh, I'm not going to go into the specifics.
Look, I'm not gonna do this!
Forget I even mentioned it.
Gil?
Really?
Uh... no, thank you, Gil. I'm on a diet.
Oh, no no no... I really don't! Off you go. Bye-bye.
What?
I never said that!
Oh, don't be ridiculous!
I am not blushing!
Still not blushing!
Rudy, stop crying. We've gone over this before. What was our agreement about sad movies?
Exactly. Now go get a cool washcloth and try to bring down the puffiness around your eyes. Please... stay away from sad or depressing things... which, at this moment, includes listening to the Dr. Frasier Crane Show. Well, let's shoot it to the news. That's it for today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane. Oh, my God! Well, close the record books. That was just the dullest three hours in the history of the Frasier Crane Show!
That was a commercial! I believe Miss Clairol solved the problem! Well, I'll see you tomorrow. Oh! Oh, Roz... about that dream I mentioned to you earlier... uh... this goes without saying, but I'd rather you didn't share that with anyone else.
I hate you! Couldn't keep your big mouth shut, could you? Just exactly when did you find the time to spread the news?
All right, look, Bulldog... before you start to ridicule me, yes, yes I had a dream about Gil. And yes, it had some erotic elements, but... You have absolutely no idea what I'm talking about, do you?
Look, let's just forget it. What delightful little jibe did you have prepared for me?
I'm on a bus to Hell.
Just tell me when the story ends.
Sorry, Niles. I'm just a bit distracted today. You see, this morning, a... a man from my building approached me with a very intriguing problem. It seems he's been having a recurring dream.
Oh, all right! It's been tormenting me. I haven't been able to sleep in weeks now. It's a bit hazy but... it starts out in a seedy motel room. I'm naked.
Yes, well... I roll over and discover on my forearm a tattoo: the word "Chesty."
Then the shower turns off and out from the bathroom steps... a man. All right, go ahead, let me have it!
Please? We're both too intelligent to waste time on the obvious interpretation.
Would you stop? It's obviously screaming for a Jungian interpretation. The sexuality in the dream is surely symbolic of some deeper, non-sexual conflict.
Well... you must be new here. I surely would have remembered such a pretty face as yours.
Right. We're fine. Bye-bye. I'm just baffled, Niles. Obviously, Gil Chesterton explains "Chesty" but little else.
God, must we?
Uh... a crescent-shaped lamp.
Niles! This is my dream!
You were three words away from a cigarette!
All right.
Crescent... croissant... butter... apricot jam... hunger... food... diet! My God, I've been on a diet. Do you think that's useful?
Just wait a minute. Gil is a restaraunt critic - a gourmet. Perhaps he's symbolic of the food I've been denying myself.
Yes, and most vulnerable to the way society "tattoos" us with labels about our appearance! God, that's it, Niles! The dream is simply telling me that I've been too rigid about my diet!
Yes, the dream will have served its purpose.
Oh, God, Niles. I've nailed it all right. I really have. Finally, for the first time in weeks they'll be no tequila bottles, no tattoo, no half-naked man in my bed. So then, the Rabbi says...
The answer has got to be in there somewhere!
Moving on.
Nothing.
No, no, no... don't want to bore Dad with the details of this particular dream.
Niles, this is not a dream I wish to share with Dad, thank you very much.
Oh, Dad... Would you mind listening to my dream to see if it conjures up any memories from my childhood?
Please, Dad. I wouldn't ask if it weren't really bothering me.
All right... it starts out in a little motel room. I have a tattoo on my arm - "Chesty"...
Yes. Then out from the bathroom steps a... All right, now before I continue, let me remind you that this is a dream. Not to be confused with reality. Out from the bathroom steps a man... -eating lion!
Thank you, Dad.
Yes, Dad.
Yes, Dad.
Niles, you gossipy fishwife!
What the hell.
Insane?
That Dad can interpret the looks from his dog and has only the spottiest recollections of our childhoods?
Niles, are you saying that the dream could have been about mother?
I suppose I could have misread the tattoo. Yes, yes... this freckle pattern here on my arm could be mistaken for a "C."
But who's to say he didn't?
Did you ever have a nickname for Mother?
Dad, this is really important!
I'm sure there's a delicious anecdote behind each one those. But did you ever call her "Hesty"?
Oh, come on, think, man! Even once! Once, in all the years you lived together?!
Really?
Oh, thank you Dad! Well, there it is! I must have heard him call her "Hesty" once and neatly tucked it away into my subconscious.
Yes, yes... only I was so frightened by my sexual urges to be with my mother that I transformed her into a man! Oh, what a relief! I've been wringing my hands over nothing. I mean, it's okay. All I want to do is have sex with my dead mother!
Mom? Mommy?
No. Frankly, I'm sort of afraid to go back to sleep. It's that damn dream again.
I'm sorry, Dad, I wasn't completely truthful with you before. The dream is really about me in a motel room with a male companion, Gil Chesterton.
Dad, please, I'd really like to discuss this!
Dad, please...
Dad...!
Look, I really want to talk about this! I've exhausted every other possible interpretation of this dream. Is it possible my subconscious is trying to tell me something about my sexuality?
Is it? I was sensitive as a child; I didn't go in for sports. God, it's every cliche in the book. Surely it must have occurred to you at some point? You refused to take me to see "West Side Story" on my eighth birthday.
Even gangs that dance?
I suppose you're right.
What a tragedy that would be.
Oh, I don't know. I just haven't had any really interesting calls lately. I'm beginning to question whether I'm not bored with psychiatry.
That's true. The one saving grace about this dream is it's given me a chance to flex my analytical muscle a bit.
Wait a minute. Could that be what this has been all about? I've been so intellectually unchallenged lately by my show that my mind had to create a dream that defies interpretation just to give me a challenge?
Dad, no... that's got to be it! My show hasn't provided me with a single patient worthy of my skills and I had to invent one myself - me! Oh, God! What a relief. At last, finally, to bed. Dad, you've witnessed an epiphany!
Off we go. To sleep, perchance NOT to dream.
Oh, my goodness! It's quite an honor!
Oh, that's very flattering. You know, there are so many things I'd like to ask you!
Like a dreary fog on a Scottish moor.
Well, I certainly hope his tailor can fix the two holes you’ve just burned in his jacket!
Yes, not to mention the convenience of getting your "BigFoot" pizza right next door.
You know Roz, I would have thought that the gentleman over there with the flannel shirt would have been more your type.
Niles, that man across the street at the newsstand. Is that who I think it is?
It’s T.H. Houghton!
Just think back to the picture on the dust cover of "Time Flies Tomorrow." A little older, greyer.
Nothing. That’s the crux of his entire legend. The man published one masterpiece and in the thirty years since he’s become a virtual recluse.
Niles, this is incredible. The man’s entire life is shrouded in mystery and there he is.
Niles, she happens to be right. How often do we get an opportunity like this? Come on. Let’s go.
Dad, come on. We’re going.
Come on. Let’s go.
Niles, I thought you said you saw Houghton come in here.
I did! Well, I’m sorry.
Dad, Dad. Please. We can’t waste time.
Right.
Well thank you, Mr. False Alarm. Oh, look. There he is over at the yoghurt store. Oh look. There he is at the futon store. Oh look. There he is with Dad.
Aren’t you afraid it will sound just a bit unoriginal?
Because I’m going to say it first.
Now, now. Don’t take it so hard. Who was to know you’d be so sensitive?
Not now, I don’t have the time. I’m sorry. Dad, do you realise who you were just talking to? That was T.H. Houghton.
Dad, virtually nothing is known about this man. Can’t you give us something specific?
He told war stories?
How could you?
Not books, Dad. Book. Book. He wrote one book and then never wrote again.
Can you imagine the torture the man’s endured to peak at such an early age?
Not just any doodle. It’s a Houghton doodle. It’s mine.
Dad, what do you care?
Well that’s very touching. Here Niles, this is for you.
Yes. It was so refreshing to see a sad peach.
Kind of a peach herself, wasn’t she?
What the hell was he doing here?
This from the man who spent thirty minutes looking at "Woman with a rectangular head."
No, Daphne. Could you explain to me just how T.H. Houghton ended up in my apartment?
He was here all afternoon?
He spent time with Eddie?
Will the madness ever end?
Oh, well I doubt it. He’ll probably run into J.D. Salinger and Salman Rushdie – go out for Margaritas. You know, Niles, these near misses are just excruciating.
Was that him?
Hold the elevator!
Don’t you dare gloat, you miserable little biscuit whore!
Afternoon, Daphne.
You serious? He’s coming back?
Oh right, right. This is incredibly good fortune. I finally get to spend some time alone with the man, even if just for a few minutes.
Daphne, be a dear and stall Dad, will you? If he gives you any trouble just hide his cane.
Niles! What fortuitous timing. Er... you know the wine shop just called a moment ago? It seems they’re down to their last two cases of the ’82 Chambolle-Musigny, so why don’t you dash right down there and stack it all up?
No.
Oh, all right. He’s on his way. He and Dad are going to a baseball game. It’s a double header. They play two games!
Oh, that’s a splendid idea.
Well, then perhaps he could come by after the game for a drink.
Houghton has a new book?
Did he say anything about it? The characters? The setting?
Dad – you’re not dumb. You miss the point entirely! Look, let’s just say, for example, you came home one afternoon and I was sitting here discussing literature with... oh, I don’t know. Give me the name of a baseball player.
No, a real one!
No No Nanette!
Yes.
Well, actually as a matter of fact I have.
Yes.
Oh my God!
Wait!
We shouldn’t.
Could we live with ourselves if we didn’t?
Oh, stop it, Niles. Who are we kidding?
"The Chameleon's Song," by T.H. Houghton.
Fine, go.
All right, Niles. Shall we?
Good point. Let’s begin with the lighting.
Good!
No, Niles. Wine might dull our faculties. Perhaps instead a slow sipping cordial would be the proper garnish.
Armagnac.
Ooh!
I don’t think you’re there yet.
Well... it’s a masterpiece.
Eddie, please! I’m trying to savour the moment.
Dad. Dad, we’re sorry.
He’s back on the Cartwrights again. You know, some day we really should ask him just who the hell they are? You know, Niles, one thing just really bugs me. Houghton is going to leave here today thinking we’re just a couple inarticulate simpletons.
We’ll go down in history with the same baboon who first read "Hamlet" and told Shakespeare "My goodness. What a parchment turn!"
Yes, yes. We could still say something to show him that we appreciated the full complexity of his work.
Well, we’ve destroyed a man’s life.
Well, you know on the other hand, had he actually published it the critics surely would have noticed that Dante parallel.
Oh God, yes. With his fragile ego he would have been completely devastated.
You know, Niles... we saved that man’s life.
Don’t go there!
So I decided it was time I got to know some of my colleagues in the media.
They've never held one in Aspen before!
Oh, good one. I can always count on you for some witty retort.
Damn, you are perceptive.
Oh, all right. Listen, Niles – I'd like you to do my show for me for the week I'm gone.
Please. Please, Niles. Look, I'm begging you. The station wants to replace me with Helen Grogan, better known as Ma' Nature. She does a gardening show and I'm just a little worried that a week of discussing well-rotted manure will weaken my listener base.
Very well. You leave me no alternative but to call in my marker.
Oh, I think you know.
I would.
I will.
I don't recall there being any statute of limitations. I distinctly recall that when you asked me to go out with Maris's sister, you said that you would owe me one forever.
Oh? Shall I refresh your memory? Midway through the opera her ermine muff began to tremble. As it turned out she had used it to smuggle in her adorably incontinent Chihuahua. Just as I thought we'd reached the low point of the evening I suddenly felt a sandpaper tongue licking my earlobe. Alas it did not belong to little Hervé! Fortunately my shriek coincided with the on-stage murder of Gondolfo! Roz will expect you on Monday at two.
Did I mention she had a cold that night?
Oh my God... breathtaking.
All right, all right, Niles, all right. It's the penthouse unit, fourth from the left.
We're simply admiring a very rare Brancusi armchair, not a naked woman.
Daphne? Could we hasten to the post-potato portion of the dialogue?
Oh, no, no, never mind about that. Expressing our emotions is always beneficial, even if it does come at the expense our pride and a very expensive brand-new Italian silk jacket.
You know, I don't seem to be doing much good here. Why don't one of you give it a try?
It's what she does!
Brandy, Niles?
What?
You're serious about this?
Niles, before you do anything this rash, you should consider it first from all angles.
I'm just not sure this is the right moment for this.
Niles, I just think that you should consider Daphne's state of mind. She's still reeling from her breakup with Joe. Listen, why don't you give it one more day?
A day. Just one day, please! You've waited this long, another day won't make a difference.
Dr. Roz wades in with the "Gabor approach" to therapy!
Oh, thank you, Roz.
Oh, Daphne, nonsense. You know, after three years, you're really a member of the family.
It's what she does!
Eddie, I believe that question was directed at you.
Thank you, Dad, but frankly I'm quite satisfied with the likes of Pavorotti's Pagliacci. You have your big man in the paint, I have mine.
Niles.
Either your boutonniere is way over the top, or you're here to execute last night's plan.
You don't care?
Yes, well, as I said to you at the time you tried to jump out of the tree house with an umbrella, "I suppose you know what you're doing."
Hello? Oh, just a second, please. Dad, is Daphne in her room?
For God's sake, I can yell! Would you hold, please?
Rodney?
How flattering. They've named a bar after her.
I'm sorry, Niles, I really am. I don't know what to say.
Niles, really — a singles bar? Please, you're not thinking clearly. That's not exactly your arena, is it? Listen, why don't you just give it a day and think it over... Here, let me dial that for you.
No, I'm not.
It's time he learned what it's like to be stared at all the time. Bring it on, Buster, you got nothing. You can't touch me, I'm — Gaah! It's like his eyes turned into sorcerer's pinwheels and started spinning!
It's so nice to finally meet you.
Oh, I'm fine, it's just — oh, here are your tickets.
Say, have you got time for a coffee before you go?
Splendid! Gives me a chance to debut my Limoges coffee set — a series of six unique cups, each one representing a different wife of Henry VIII. My antique dealer just found an "Anne Cleves" to complete the set!
She seems very nice.
Shouldn't you make a beeping noise when you back up like that?
Well, coffee will be ready in a moment.
Would, uh, you like a coffee?
I think maybe we should put a little red mark on the real Niles so we can tell them apart!
You can't possibly be mad at me!
Let's serve our guests their coffee!
Here we are, coffee. Milk's on its way, Niles is still steaming.
Anne Boleyn?
Oh, for heaven's sake, Niles. You don't take my calls, you ignore me. For God's sake, it's the behavior of a pouting adolescent. Are you quite finished now? You put gum on my chair, didn't you?
Niles, listen: I am terribly sorry if I steered you wrong. But just think about it. You do have a wonderful new woman in your life now, don't you?
And Adelle does make you very happy, doesn't she?
Well, then, if you've ever taken any of my advice before, take this: Adelle may very well be the path to your happiness.
But let's say I'm wrong...
Mmm.
Niles, uh... look.
Niles! Whatever you do, do not engage him in a physical fight. The whole thing would just look too weird!
Rodney... Adelle.
You know, there's just one thing I'd like to ask you, Rodney: do you have an older brother?
Spooky.
All right, now, when you mist the plants, make sure that the water is not too cold. I know I'm harping on and on about this, but I know you're not used to dealing with delicate flowers.
I'll leave you our number at Niles's cabin, in case anything goes wrong. Oh, yes, and by the way, I frown on overnight guests.
No, no, Daphne's decided to spend a traditional Thanksgiving with her transvestite Uncle Jackie.
Yeah.
Hello? Yes, Lilith. Yes, Lilith. Yes, Lilith.
OK, you tell Frederick I said "Bravo!" Frederick just passed the qualifying exam for the Marbury Academy!
"Some-school?" Oh, Dad, please. The Marbury Academy is the most exclusive private school in all of Boston.
Lilith and I have to be interviewed by the headmaster. He's got such a busy schedule, he's agreed to see us on Thanksgiving morning. Now this, of course, changes our plans.
Of course you do. We'll move our whole Thanksiving celebration to Boston. I'll call the airline.
So the rabbit said to the bear, "No, no, I said 'oedipal,' not 'edible!'"
Hello, Lilith.
Oh, well, happy Thanksgiving to you, too. Well, there Frederick. Now, Mommy and Daddy have to head off to this meeting, then I'm all yours. Meanwhile, why don't you head off upstairs and show Grandad and Uncle Niles your brand-new computer.
My God, are you half as nervous as I am?
We have got to master our nerves. It is vital that we appear to be well-adjusted, responsible parents. Lilith, do you still keep the Valium with the contraceptives?
I'll assume you meant the Valium.
Perhaps we could find the appropriate kitchen tool to ratchet down that butt of yours a notch or two!
You're right, of course. We've always had our differences but we've been able to put them aside for the welfare Frederick.
Not counting our divorce.
Well, we're off.
All right, now, Freddie. Mommy and Daddy are going to see you're wearing a Marbury blazer or die trying.
Yes.
You know, Lilith, there's just one question I wished we'd answered differently.
Remember when he mentioned that Frederick was being courted by other schools? I wonder if we shouldn't have made it clear that Marbury is far and away our first choice.
Well, you know, you're right, you're right, of course. I'm sure everything's fine.
Well, you see, that is my worry.
Oh, Lilith, stop, stop. Remember what happened when the senator called. We need a ruse.
And while we're looking for it, we casually mention that Marbury is Frederick's first and only choice.
Let's go.
You started us down that path of insanity. Golda Meir. Golda My-ass!
Yes, yes. Wait a minute. Oh, my God we're such fools! Don't you see what the man was trying to tell us? He was trying to give us the way to get Frederick accepted.
What else?
In a minute, Frederick. My God, it was right there in front of us and we missed it, we didn't even see it.
Well, we should get ourselves back down there and give the man what he wants.
Well, I think "friends" is probably stretching it just a tad.
Yes, well, I'm sure you'll understand as parents yourselves, it's only natural to wish only the very best for your son.
Well, yes, thank you very much for trying to cheer us up, but I mean, if you're looking for filet mignon, you can hardly swallow ground chuck.
Very well, Dad. The next time we go to see a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie, not only may you pay for the tickets, but also for the wild horses it will take to drag me there!
Yes, only that bullets are useless against the man who can kick really high!
Okay.
Yes, Dad, with all the subtlety Mr. Van Damme displayed when he jet-packed into the Vatican to subdue that nasty Pope imposter!
Honestly, Niles, by calling her so many times you give her all the power. You're much better off coming from a position of strength!
What?!
Oh, yes. The one I wasn't invited to but my Waterford punch bowl was!
Well, couldn't you ask her to postpone?
Ah, the perfect marriage of subject and medium!
You know Niles, for a separated couple still hoping to reconcile I'm afraid you're going down a path...
Oh, I see. Is that your clever way of telling me I'm dispensing unwanted criticism?
Oh my God – I just remembered. We have reservations at Le Cigare Volante tonight!
Oh dear Lord, it's rather busy. Let's keep our fingers crossed. Francois!
Wine list? My God, he ought to bring us blindfolds. I mean, what is he thinking with this artwork? It's appalling!
The little white lies one will tell for a good table. Of course I would compliment a black velvet Elvis right now if Chef Wakim's lobster comfit were at stake!
Oh really, Niles. Why don't you just reschedule your party?
All right.
What are you talking about?
Look, Dad – it's just that I'm not that comfortable ordering an expensive meal when you're paying.
I can afford it! I'm sorry. I didn't mean that the way it sounded. I know how you feel.
Dad!
Actually, tonight's dinner is on Dad.
Well, I'm not paying.
Will you be savouring us with any English delicacies tonight?
Even Hannibal Lecter couldn't keep that woman's cooking down!
So she's not really sick?
Oh, no, no, no Dad. It was my fault. I should have been more gracious.
I understand. I tell you what. Next three dinners are on you.
My God – I haven't seen him this excited since he got that four-in-one remote control!
Dad, this is awfully, awfully...
Yes, yes, the fireplace. That's the first place I thought of too!
Well, Greg, two possible diagnoses come to mind. Either you are seriously mentally ill and you should be institutionalized immediately, or you are a first-year psychology student!
Yes, well, it's not uncommon for students to feel that they're manifesting symptoms that they are studying. It'll pass.
Well, just relax. Though it might be a good idea to postpone reading about male sexual disorder until after spring break. That's all the time we have for today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780.
Thanks, Roz. Say, Roz, if you're not busy after work would you like, maybe, to get a drink or something? Maybe see a movie? You pick, I'll pay?
I can't, Roz. You didn't see the look on his face when he gave it to me.
Oh yes, many times.
Roz, a hippo cannot possibly be as repellant as a rabid matador killing an epileptic bull!
Continue.
Oh, you mean they broke?
You're right, Roz. Guess I'll just have to tell him this afternoon. Oh, Roz - that crystal vase I gave you three years ago for Christmas... er... you said that was broken in the earthquake?
This year – liquor?
Hi, Dad.
You know, Dad, I was just down in the storage room putting away some boxes and guess what I came across – that smoking jacket I gave you for Christmas last year?
Not shiny, Dad. Silk! I really messed up on that one, didn't I? Buying things for other people – it's so hard sometimes, isn't it?
Oh, no, no, Dad. I don't really care for pastrami. Isn't that funny? You can love something so much and I would find it distasteful? People have different tastes, you know?
Afternoon, Niles.
Three? Yesterday it was twelve, wasn't it?
You know, this vindictive behaviour of Maris's is completely out of line. You know, if you don't want to continue with it you really should call her on the phone. Confront her.
Thank God for the starch in that shirt or there'd be nothing holding you upright!
No thanks, Dad.
Of course. Why?
Dad? Are you sure Niles didn't just hurt your feelings there?
That's very wise. You know, it's important that fathers and sons can be honest with each other. It shows respect. You know I've been thinking, Dad, about the painting. You know, art is such a personal thing? What one person may like, another may not? It doesn't mean one of them is right and the other is wrong.
Well, it's not that I don't like it. It's just that I don't love it. It's not me.
Oh thank you, thank you, Dad. That's such a relief. You know, I was up half the night worrying about it and I just... Dad, are you all right? I didn't upset you, did I? My God, Dad, are you crying?
Yes, you are. Yes, you are – I just saw you wipe your eye.
Dad! I made my father cry!
I'm only crying because you're crying.
I didn't cry when you got shot either.
I wasn't lying.
Dad. Dad, please. Please stop crying. I want to keep it now.
No, no, it is good. It's very good. I love it.
I made our father cry.
Well, I am. I'm the most ungrateful son there is!
Dad.
Don't you think we oughta talk about what happened this afternoon?
Look, Dad. I know you're disappointed about the painting.
Well, you said yourself that it wasn't as easy for you to give me things as it was when I was a kid.
Still, you did put a roof over my head. Sent me to school...
Well...
Dad, Dad, just hang on a second, will you? Do you remember a time when I was six or seven years old? You were getting ready for work, you were getting dressed. I was playing with your badge and you sat me down and you said that it was not a toy. That it was a symbol of something very important. Of integrity and honesty and helping people. Well, from then on, every time I'd see you put on that badge I would think of that.
Be that as it may, I've tried to live up to your example and help other people. I've tried as a psychiatrist to conduct myself with the same integrity that you showed as a police officer. And when I find myself in a quandary as to the proper course of action, I think of you wearing that badge and then I know what I have to do. You gave me that!
Yeah, Dad. Thanks.
My goodness, Dad. I'm speechless. Your ba... ...bow tie!
I don't know what to say.
No, no, no! It's just a surprise, that's all.
Well... I... er...
It's a date!
Hello, Niles.
Goodbye Maureen, and good luck.
Certainly.
Well frankly, so do I. Dad's girlfriend just told me some very big news.
No, no.
Well, judging by the canary feathers protruding from your mouth, I'd say you. What article did you win for?
Very clever, I like that.
Why?
Yes - the hour he spent regaling the table with Little Niles stories.
Ah yes, Sheldon. That troubled little fellow who kept wetting your bed! Well, you know – if you're thinking of excluding Dad from the event your timing couldn't be worse. It's his birthday this weekend.
On top of that Maureen just told me that she's decided to break it off with him.
No, no. She was quite emphatic on that point. She just thinks they have nothing in common.
Yes. Just the other day he was saying that between her police badge and his handicapped sticker they could park anywhere.
Daphne. Thank God you're home first. Listen, I have to warn you.
Dad and Maureen are on a date. It's not going well. She's telling him that she wants to break it off.
It's not a vision. Maureen told me about this, this afternoon. I'm just worried about Dad. We need to do everything we can to help him through this.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, Daphne, Daphne... That'll be fine.
Hi, Dad.
How was your date?
Dad, let me assure you this has nothing to do with your age.
Well, you know Dad, I may be talking out of turn here. But Maureen told me about this.
Yes. She came to me for advice. That's how determined she was not to hurt you. You see, she wanted to make it perfectly clear that her breaking up with you had nothing to do with your age but rather your compatibility. You see, it's not your fault that you don't like the same food, music or movies...
...and she didn't bring this up, did she?
Dad, I'm sorry.
Oh, I feel so terrible. Listen, Dad, I mean, I know exactly how you're feeling right now. But believe me, the pain will pass. It may take some time.
Or not!
Sherry?
Dad - just who is Sherry?
Good Lord. I've been worried all afternoon about Maureen breaking your heart and all along you've been two-timing-
MAUREEN!
Don't mind me, I was just going out... ...to the powder room.
You old fraud!
You made her believe that she'd broken your heart.
Polite? My God, Dad, guilt is a very destructive emotion.
Apparently on a Spillane Fellowship!
Niles.
Not half as excited as he's going to be when he sees these new videotapes: twelve cassettes of the history of World War II!
Well, this year I thought what the hell? Get him something he really wants rather than what I think he needs.
Really? And did my advice prove helpful?
Just once!
Thank you.
So... Dad tells me you two kids met at McGinty's.
Look out, tastebuds, here it comes.
On Broadway?
Just once!
Er... Wow.
Yes, Dad.
Yes, I've been wondering that myself.
Spare me your lame excuses, Niles. We both know why you weren't there.
Colourful as ever. Last night she treated us to a selection from her unpublished volume of Limericks for Lovers. The last several were about a well-travelled man fortuitously named Horatio!
Who is it?
Oh God. But this is our place.
Quick Niles, pull up the ladder. She found our clubhouse!
You're right. Dad has to be politely told that even though he may enjoy her company he has no right to... what's the polite word for inflict?
Me? I have to do this alone? I thought the two of us would sit him down and talk to him...
...both of us.
But Niles, both of us have a problem.
You are a little weasel, aren't you?
What fun! That's coming up soon, isn't it? Maybe you should start working on that little speech.
No, that's all right. We were just leaving.
Well, your little banquet should prove quite amusing. I hope Dr. Geudfreund doesn't aggravate his hernia when he goes underneath the limbo pole!
Well... prepared though you were to abandon me and let me handle all the dirty work alone, I will swallow my resentment, confront him with you tonight and take my share of the heat.
Gotcha!
Evening, Dad.
Something wrong?
Er... you know, Niles told me about what he was going to say to you tonight. And well, I must say that, in his defense, it is an important evening for him and well, let's face it, Sherry can be a bit much.
Well, I don't mean it as a criticism, mind you. Some people like that. But now that Niles has broached the subject I must say that I too find Sherry a bit brassy and flamboyant... He didn't say a word to you, did he?
Oh, knock it off! I see you're still waiting on that spine donor! Dad, there is no reason to belabour this point...
Please understand, Dad, as happy as we are that you've found someone...
All right, Dad, we don't like her.
WAIT A MINUTE! When did you ever make any of the women we were involved with feel welcome?
When did Lilith ever set foot in your house that you didn't make her feel as wanted as a fungus?
There! That is exactly what I'm talking about. Oh, why don't we just face facts? I mean, since when has any of us ever - from Sherry to Lilith to Maris to Diane - has ever been able to pick one woman that the other two could stand the sight of?
I'm sorry, Niles. I've been hogging the floor.
Well, I suppose we could all afford to be a bit more open- minded when it comes to each other's mates.
Hi, Sherry
Don't you look nice? Come on in.
Party on!
Oh, Dad? Lilith mentioned that she was going to be joining Frederick on his next visit. You don't mind if she stays here, do you?
Got me, good one!
I should warn you, I'm hoping for a bumpy ride!
Actually, it's rather an amusing story. You see, I came down to the airport on sort of a blind date with a cello player. Of course, she didn't know it was a blind date, actually, it was all in my head. But, er, so I bumped into you and you said you were going to Acapulco, I thought I might tag along.
Call it Kismet.
See, Kismet!
Really?
You know, it's a little awkward trying to talk like this. Is that seat taken?
At last. I'm Frasier Crane.
It's a pleasure.
Oh, darn! I forgot to order my kosher meal. So sorry. It was lovely meeting you both.
Yes, it is amazing. Not that they didn't have plenty to work with. Oh, by plenty, I don't mean anything referring to... well... ...here, you just stay right here, I'll change seats.
I'm Dr. Frasier Crane from the radio.
Well, I'm assuming that you're off to a photo shoot on the beaches of Mexico.
What's your field?
A model and a scholar. This is the part where I normally wake up.
I know what you're thinking.
Last night, walking along the beach when we kicked off our shoes and looked up at the amazing blanket of stars...
Yes, that too. You're really quite strong.
There's more?! Of course, of course, I was hoping we would.
What is?
What happened between us will never leave this room.
And if there's a God in heaven, neither will we!
Morning, all.
Fine, relaxing.
Sorry?
Roz, just because the last time you went to Mexico you were hit on more than a piñata, that doesn't mean that was the purpose of my visit as well.
That is none of your business!
Did it ever occur to you that I'm merely being discreet? That I actually did meet a woman, I just don't care to broadcast it?
Please! You know, frankly, I don't have time for this nonsense. What I did or did not do on my vacation is none your concern. Don't you have better things to do than just speculate about my sex life?
Ah, is there anything more refreshing after a long flight than a hot soak in eucalyptus sauce and a snifter of warmed "Poir William"!
Oh, yes, lovely.
Ah, well, you know me, dad, I'm not one to kiss and tell.
Why does everyone assume that it's impossible for me to meet a woman?
You know, frankly, I'm sick and tired of everyone's pity. The fact is I did meet a woman down there, a perfectly fabulous woman, we had an utterly romantic weekend.
Well, I'm not at liberty to discuss it.
No! She asked me to be discreet. You see, she's a rather famous supermodel and right now she's going through a break- up with a star football player on the Seahawks. Didn't want any publicity, so you see, before I identify her to you, I have to ask you not to ever to repeat this to anyone.
Her name is Kelly Easterbrook!
I thought so, yes. We were inseparable the entire weekend.
Oh, yes.
I've got a picture of her, I'll be right back.
Here she is.
Yeah, yeah, she's in lots of magazines and billboards too. And now she's my girlfriend.
Well, I'm off to bed. I didn't get much sleep over the weekend, you know what I mean!
Hello. Kelly. Hi, gee, I didn't know you were back in town. Er, I'd love to. Right, well, I'll see you there, in what, half an hour? Okay. Well, yeah, me too. Bye.
Actually, I'm dashing off to "L'Escalias" for a late lunch with Kelly.
She just called, she came up early from a modeling assignment in Hawaii, I suspect to see you-know-who.
Yes, Dr. Crane. Listen, I need my usual table in about twenty minutes. Oh yes, and chill your finest bottle of Pouilly Fuissé. Well, modeling those swimsuits, she works up quite a thirst!
You look wonderful.
Here, here, sit. I ordered some appertisers.
Is everything alright?
Well, of course I'm disappointed, but we'll do it again sometime.
Great, okay.
I'll keep my fingers crossed, here's hoping your eggs are still fertile.
Well, mystery solved, off you go.
Is something the matter?
You seem to be awfully persistent, but you know, I just may join you. My date cancelled at the last moment.
Fantasy?!
My God, you actually believe that I invented this relationship!
I did not come back empty-handed, I came back with two huge handfuls! Kelly was just here. She was called away on an emergency.
No. She only models to raise money for her real interest: zoology. She's a PhD candidate and she raises iguanas. The incubator broke and her eggs were in danger, and it was vital that only she transfer them over... Oh, the details are not important. The fact is that I'm having a relationship with this woman!
I knew one day you would throw that back in my face!
Kelly.
Hi.
Oh, it's all right. Do you have time to come in?
Well, I hope you didn't put them all in one basket.
Thank you. Can I interest you in a glass of Beaujoulais Nouveau?
All right.
Well, that does deserve a toast.
Nor will mine!
Two months?
Well, I'll be here when you return. We'll always have one incredible night to look back on fondly.
No, I'm sorry darling, it's just one night; Saturday night, then of course Sunday, you were...
Oh. Right, right.
Nothing, nothing.
I don't hear anything?
Absolutely not! This is... it's your going away present. Bon Voyage.
Oh, no, Kelly, Kelly, listen, please, you don't understand.
All right. You know, you think being a professional model, you might be a little more relaxed about somebody taking your...
Kelly, don't you think we should talk about this. I won't see you again for two months!
Kelly!
No!
No!
No, no, just my immediate family!
Kelly!
Kelly! Kelly.
Oh, you missed her again. She's running down the stairs, you can catch her if you still want to.
Don't patronise me!
Oh, look, look, TWO wine glasses!
I AM NOT CRAZY! I am dating a supermodel zoologist, who I stole away from a professional football player, and she is off to the Galapagos islands to artificially inseminate iguanas! Is that so hard to believe?!
Well, what do you think of me now?
Yes, and what is a spongy biscotti but an unwelcome trespasser into Madeline territory?
Yes, your ability to cheat death at every turn never ceases to amaze.
Yes, sorry Niles. You know sometimes you just find yourself getting restless?
The Three Tenors?
Oh. How's it look on you?
Again, like Maris!
Thank you Niles, it's... perhaps you can run along to the wine club on your own tonight.
Well, it'll just be the same old faces rehashing the same boring topics.
I'm sorry, I don't think so. You know, I just feel like being on my own tonight. You don't mind, do you?
Well maybe we ought to play that by ear as well.
You're not upset, are you?
Yes, the ideal buffet for a group of heavyset men over sixty! I assume everyone's ready to order.
I heard you, dad. I'm just trying to figure out what I'm going to do with myself this evening. My old routine doesn't seem to satisfy me anymore, I'm trying to think of something new. Oh, I know - maybe I could join you and the guys for some cards, eh?
Why not? Roz is playing!
Oh, if that's the criteria, I'm sure I could tell you a tale or two which would make you blush like a school girl.
Why not, Roz? Don't look so surprised. 'Sides, there's nothing I enjoy more than a good old-fashioned night with the guys.
Perfect.
Sounds good.
Like a Bedouin in a sandstorm!
I'm out!
Well, that was a bust!
That's ludicrous... it's Angie Dickinson.
No, no, go ahead.
Oh, dear!
Just stop right there. I think by now you'd know my policy on fix-up's.
So you do know my policy. Off we go!
You point her out and I will!
Hope he's talking to you.
My, she's everything you said she was...
And more!
Oh hardly. If not for you I would have missed seeing the World's Most Nauseating Couple defend their title.
No, no, you go talk with your friend; I'll have a drink.
Sure.
Well, funny, I've been asking myself that same question all day, it seems that lately my life...
Daphne, come and sing a song with us!
Oh, you're not shy about singing in the house.
Yes! She's my dad's health care worker.
No! Only if her robes aren't stitched up tight enough!
Good evening, Daphne. Wow, you look smashing!
What, to the "Fox & Whistle"? I'll go with you! Let me just grab me mack and me brolly and Bob's your uncle!
That's tomorrow night. Gee, I hope Winston's at the pub - I owe him five quid from the other night!
Oh, really? I hope it's not that flu that's going around.
Yes, yes, that's probably for the best. You've got to be careful what you bring down to the pub with you.
Hello, Niles.
Something the matter?
How so?
Oh, my!
Oh, dear!
Well, that's tomorrow night, Niles.
Oh, no.
Well yes, there's a billiard tournament at the pub tonight.
Yeah well, my partner, Terrence has agreed to skip a family wedding just to participate - I can't leave him in the lurch. Isn't there somebody else who could take my place?
Oh, Niles! You can't stay mad at me, I promise I'll make it up to you. Press for the lift, won't you? Don't look at me that way, that's what they call it!
By all means, Daphne. Oh, Winston, let's have one of these pints for Miss Moon, please. Oh, this is a really nice surprise, Daphne, you must be feeling better. Here we are. You make a toast.
Well, I guess "here's mud in your eye" sounded mean the first time too!
Daphne, I'm so sorry.
No, no, not at all. You know, back in Boston I had a bar like this one, I certainly understand what it's like to have a place where you can get away. So, we've just got one solution: This is your bar, I'll just go.
I've only been coming here a week - you've got a history here!
Yes, I'll just settle up and go.
A month?
You've only been coming down here for a month?
Yes, well there's certainly no way I'm leaving now!
Daphne, this bar has filled up a void in my life. I'm not just going to throw that away just because you beat me here by a fortnight!
Darts?
Oh I don't know. It's decisive, better than standing around here bickering.
Well, it's not mine either.
You shoot first, Daphne. You know, I'm rather proud of us: two people in conflict, we've found a civilised way to settle it.
Oh, my!
Quite good.
Daphne, If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to hustle me!
A game or two? You've just made about the most difficult shot on the board!
Come to think of it, there might have been a dart board in that bar in Boston...
Yes, who would have guessed those hands are so skilled. Certainly no one who's sampled your corned beef hash! Ha! I score again!
You don't want to rush this. A lot riding on this shot.
Oh, really? This from a woman who made armpit noises during my last round!
I am so sorry, Daphne! Now all I have to do is make this relatively simple shot - unless of course you'd like to concede defeat.
Oh really, then I suppose you're not acquainted with that little spat we refer to as the Revolutionary War!
What exactly should we feel inferior about, your pioneering work in the field of soccer hooliganism?!
Oh yes, you've really bested me there, what could be more dignified than a dainty old sandbag who wears a flowerpot on her head! I win! The bar is mine!
Hello, Niles.
Actually, that scene has grown tiresome, and I... I miss this place.
You don't have to rub it in. Anyway, I know I owe you an apology for the other night so, here. I've brought you a peace offering.
You're going to love it! The choice is particularly moving, and Janet Baker's Act Three aria is...
Oh, good, Dad's kicking me out of the house that night so he and Sherry can have a little party. Oh, I don't know. Life really is a circle, isn't it? I'm letting Dad use my place for his friends to get together, and just a few years ago it would have been Dad who'd have to leave his house for my parties.
What on earth would leave a ring around his underwear drawer?
Yes, we're going to hear what Mendelssohn's "Wedding March" sounds like on the banjo!
Well, there's nothing we can do, Niles. It's what Dad wants.
Well, I suppose she'll want us to call her "mother." No, that's too formal. "Mama"... no, "Ma!"
What about you?
Oh, Daphne, of course not. He'd be lost without you.
My, my, my, quite a little shindig you two are planning for tonight. We have the cheese logs, the erotic fortune cookies. For after dinner, a bloopers tape: "Too Hot For Hee-Haw."
When you say all night-?
Well, you know, you're going to need some room for those corn nuts, why don't I just get this pesky priceless sculpture out of your way!
Well, that is just crazy!
I have no idea, we have nothing to do with it. Do you really think that we would hire someone to spy on Sherry? My God, I'm insulted!
You most certainly have!
It's all right, Dad.
You hired a detective, how could you?!
Niles!
She makes Dad happy, that's all we need to know.
Yes, well, Cousin Donald is a very rare case. First, most people don't have a hidden past; and second, most people have a better eye for details than Cousin Donald. For God's sake, the woman could pick up a watermelon with one hand!
Well, stop it. Call it off right now, Niles.
All right.
Yeah. Goodbye.
Thank you. You see that, how sweet she is? My God, I can't believe you're actually having that woman investigated. You know, try to have a little trust in people!
Yes, you can play along now.
Hello, Niles.
Certainly. How do you do?
There now, don't you feel better?
You have to admit, I was right on this one. There was absolutely no justification for giving into your baser instincts of prying in Sherry's past.
I see your point. I hate myself for what I'm doing.
Oh, so far, so good: graduated from high school; almost paid off her Subaru; you know she's been married.
There were two others. Ned Foley, Mark Wallace...
...Vincent Mayhew, Guiltham Mandel, Waltz...
Six that we know of. God, you had to go and fire that detective before he finishes reporting!
Yes, she's obviously incapable of remaining in a relationship. That doesn't bode well for the marriage, does it?
But we already told him we weren't involved in the investigation, we can't just tell him now we were lying!
And how would that go? Oh, Dad, you going to the Sherry Ex-Husband Convention this year? Besides that, you know, Dad may know everything already.
Who's that?
You know, Dad, I was talking with a lady today down at the café and I happened to mention that I'd been married twice before, and a look clouded over her face as if I'd confessed to some unspeakable sin!
You know, Dad, I think it harkens back to the puritanical streak that still runs through this country. What do you think?
That'd make a good topic to discuss on my show. Niles, you know the hurdles that are faced by people with multiple marriages.
No, I don't.
How about you, Dad?
Really? You do.
Well, that was fruitless!
Yes?!
Yes, but we still don't know what he knows.
You know, Dad, I'd love to see that first shirt with the second jacket.
All right, I guess there's no use denying it. Yes, yes, we did hire him. Although the word "we" is not entirely accurate.
Oh, shut up, Niles! Look, Dad, we were just concerned about you. We know about the engagement ring.
Right now, pointing fingers is not going to do us any good.
She did it!
Yes, who'd have guessed that something so innocent as spying on a man's girlfriend and rifling his underwear drawer can turn so ugly!
Stop stalling, Niles! Dad must be on the elevator by now!
I do not want to know about it.
No, no, Daphne. I should do that. It will give me an excellent opportunity to show him just how happy I am that he's marrying Sherry.
Yes. I just can't figure out why he would propose in a place like McGinty's! It seems like such a shabby setting. Well, I guess he was just trying to match the ring.
Dad, Dad!
I'm glad I've seen you.
Dad, Dad, I've got something that I think you might like to have before you tell Sherry whatever it is you want to tell her.
He has? Well, that is just wonderful and may I say, it's about time! I couldn't be happier for you.
I'd like you to know that everybody is one hundred percent behind this decision - my God, we're all so excited.
Breaking up? I had no idea.
Hi, Dad. The only reason I came down here was to bring you this. Obviously I made another colossal blunder in a week full of them. I'm really sorry, Dad. I guess you don't really feel like talking.
Fine, I can do that.
Sure. So the, er, Sonics and the, er, Bulls. That Jordan, he's really something, huh? Yeah. The way he scores those points and gets the ball back when the other team misses... Wow! That's incredible. He made the same impossible shot twice in a row!
Really?
I'm sorry, Dad.
It's hard to find that out, Dad. I've been trying for a while.
Well, Dad, in time.
Well, that was quite a shot!
What's the score here, anyway?
Can I have a beer here, please?
And Rosemary's Bebe.
Mmm-hmm. And before you drop another gossamer hint, let me tell you that my feelings about you haven't changed.
Oh, really, and what pathetic do-gooder have you lured into your web now?
Oh, dear God.
You signed with Bebe?
I'm not going to give you a lecture. You're entitled to choose whoever you wish to represent you. Someone who's honest, or a woman whose ethics would've raised eyebrows in the court of Caligula!
Yes, it's high time the little slacker started pulling his weight!
Oh, hello, Niles.
Good Lord, not again. What happened to Dr. Prescott?
What's her problem with him?
Well, some therapists can be rather blunt and hard-hitting. What did he say?
You know Niles, if you fire every therapist who finds fault with her, you're never going to make any progress.
Good! You know, sometimes there's nothing more rewarding than sticking to a principle. Case in point, you know, my contract's coming up, and, uh, well, Bebe Glazer's been angling to negotiate my new one. Anyway, I could've done the easy thing, said yes, taken the money and run, but instead, I said no, and I found myself a new agent, one who's every bit as smart and also ethical.
That's him now.
Hello, Ben.
I'm glad you made it. Anyway, this is my brother, Doctor Niles Crane.
Well, she would have swerved to hit Mrs. Pavlov! Ben, I'd like you to meet my dad, Martin.
Oh, and this is his home health care worker, Daphne. Daphne, this is Ben, my new agent.
Yes, indeed, you know, Ben just won this year's Seattle Samaritan Award.
Oh, please.
I like the sound of that.
I think it's brilliant! I'm bolstering my bargaining position and also helping out a plucky little zoo! I love this man!
Help yourself.
Oh, why does everybody assume that in order to be an agent you have to be some unscrupulous huckster? It is possible for a good and decent man to be every bit as intimidating as the toughest shark out there.
Well, that's awfully generous of you.
Well, I can see I'm not the only one getting some publicity today.
Oh, Ben, Ben, just a moment, I'd like you to meet some people. This is Bebe and Roz. This is Ben, my new agent.
Scoff all you like, the man is a genius at PR.
Thank you, Mr. Twembly. I suppose it's only appropriate that the zoo has called upon me to introduce you all to its newest resident. You see, he happens to be a relative of mine.
...We're both tall and have distinctive profiles, we've both been known to winter in Mexico, and let's not forget our voices. Is there anything as stirring as the crane's majestic cry?
Dad, are you all right? What's happening? My goodness! What is going on! Oh, I'm sorry! Nothing to be alarmed about! Just a little family squabble!
I can't watch any more of this.
Oh, you weren't hurt that badly! Of course, you wouldn't know that to listen to Toffee. She makes the whole thing sound like a disaster!
Lord, this entire affair's turned into a PR nightmare!
Dad, I'm sorry. Ben had no idea that bird was going to attack you. Besides, there is a school thought that says there's no such thing as bad publicity.
I can't wait to hear.
Now, now, now, Niles, withholding sex may be just as difficult on Maris! She may crumble first!
All right, Niles. You know that my advice was solid.
Thank you. Roz, hello. Yes, what is it?
Yes, well, ah, thanks for the warning, Roz.
Oh, well, it turns out the station manager won't be renegotiating the contracts himself. Apparently he's brought in one of these hired guns stations use to reduce costs. Some fellow nicknamed "The Hammer."
No, Niles, because he loves the lyrics of Oscar Hammerstein!
No, Dad, I am sticking with Ben. Oh, sure, maybe Bebe could use her dark arts to get me a dollar or two more, but, you know, my integrity is worth more than that. Hello, Ben.
Well, uh, fine.
That's the spirit. So you've got some sort of damage-control plan?
Excellent! But you won't be dealing with him. You'll be dealing with this free-lancer they call "The Hammer."
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
So, uh, about your plan.
Dad, I like this idea! It's droll... and self-mocking. It's the perfect way to turn a PR embarrassment into a triumph!
I'm sure you can! I know you're gonna go in there and you're gonna give him hell!
Thank you for the sympathy!
Niles, you can't give in!
The one with the thing on her face?
What can be keeping Ben?
I see what you're doing. You think if I bail out on my principles it gives you an excuse to go crawling back to Maris. Well, I'm not going to do it. Ben may have made some mistakes, but he is a good man, and he's going to make me a good deal!
Oh, Gil! How'd it go with the Hammer?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, congratulations, Roz. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm waiting for Ben. We have to discuss our bargaining position.
God, she is obnoxious!
Oh, shut up, you horny idiot! My bandage seems a little loose. If Ben gets here, just tell him I went in to fix it.
Are you aware that you are in the men's room?
Isn't there a zebra carcass somewhere you should be hovering over?
All right, maybe I am scared! But... there is one thing that is stronger than fear! Faith! Faith that a good man with a good heart can make a good deal! Now get out of my way!
Take your tentacles off of me!
Sit down, Niles! I'm still with Ben.
Ben!
It's all right, we've got five minutes.
I'm not listening to any of you! My God, am I the last man on God's green earth that's still willing to stand up for a principle?
Ben, could we have a word?
Uh, listen, I don't think it's news to you that things haven't been going so smoothly with us, and I think I'd feel more comfortable with Bebe. I know this must seem a bit of a shock to you, but, ah-
Thanks for understanding.
You know, I'm holding you to that promise about changing. I won't stand for any more shady doings.
Once you've worked out this thing with the Hammer, maybe you can see what you can do about defusing this bird situation.
Is there any chance it wasn't you?
I can live with that.
Morning, Roz.
Oh, thanks. So, you seem awfully calm today.
Well, during ratings week you're usually rather anxious.
Oh, I never should have mentioned it.
Oh Roz, you do this every year, you convince yourself we'll have a disastrous week with no good callers, but our listeners always come through in the end, don't they?
All right. Hello Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. You know, I was reminded this morning a jaunty aphorism which is credited to the great thinker Spinoza...
...don't get me started on rationalistic pantheism or I'll go the whole three hours! Well, I think it's time we went to the phones. Roz, whom do we have?
Go on then Roger, I'm listening.
Who wouldn't be interested?
Ah, that would be Mrs. Crowley.
Yes well, Daphne, don't be too hard on him. The Crane men haven't had a great deal of success in the romance department lately. We're all a bit gun-shy.
Yes, where would the world be without you Brits and your knack for code-cracking?
Oh, hello Niles.
It's ironic, isn't it? Dad's doing better in that department than either of us.
Oh that's very flattering, Niles...
The words "Krazy Glue" leap to mind.
Which is?
I don't know whether I'd count that as a failing, exactly.
In half an hour? I thought we were going to prepare for your workshop!
Gee Niles, I wonder if that's a good idea...
Fair enough!
You are twenty minutes late.
"Sorry?" This is your group, I've been making small talk with these people for the last twenty minutes. Do you know what small talk is like with people who have a problem communicating? It's tiny talk!
Very well.
If I know these people, they won't hold a grudge. I feel that I do know a great deal about this group. I've spent a good deal of time poring over your case histories. So, let's begin. Mrs. Budinger, I see that you're here alone.
Is there some reason why Dan couldn't join you?
Excuse me?
Sounds promising, why don't we proceed, Janice? How would you respond to what your husband has just said?
He's empathizing with the husband, we call this "empathizing."
Sometimes empathizing involves a bit of dramatic license.
Did I mention that my brother's one of the greatest empathizers in the business?
You know, perhaps now would be a good time to take our fifteen minute break, why don't we? We've had quite a catharsis here - now traditionally it is the patients that make the breakthroughs, but we mustn't be sticklers.
Well, I do, I do, Janice, and please remember, no-one is here to judge anyone else's behavior. What the hell are you doing, you lunatic?!
Schenkman! Why, that contemptible bastard.
I'm so sorry, Niles. Is there anything I can do?
He told you that?
I'm just shocked. Things seemed to be going so well with the two of you.
Well, patients often do believe they've fallen in love with their analysts, it's very common, it's happened to everyone.
Oh, get out of town!
I've never had a patient fall in love with me.
Not even that fat lady who brought me fudge.
Now, Niles, you're not thinking clearly. You're just grasping at straws.
How?! What more could you possibly do?
Niles, just bear one thing in mind...
Sometimes a marriage is just bad, doomed, and no amount of discussion will save it!
Well, then... shall we resume?
No, don't worry, Daphne, that's all right, you have fun. I'll be fine. See you tomorrow, everything will be fine, OK. Oh, Dad? No, he's not even back from his big date yet! Maybe I'll see him in the morning too. Alright... yes, it is a very romantic story. OK, Daphne... Yes, yes, they do make a very cute couple. Anyway... Right, right, Daphne, yes I suppose they do owe it all to you, don't they?
Oh well, there's the door. OK.
Niles? I thought you were talking with Maris.
Oh, I'm sorry, Niles. What happened?
Yes, I remember dabbing Bactine on those Chihuahua bites.
That's a courageous decision. How do you feel?
I'm very proud of you.
Oh Dad, you're back. How did things go with Mrs. Crowley?
I thought she was your date.
Gee, I'm almost afraid to ask this; "how was mom?"
Well, I think we could all use a little something from the bar.
It hasn't been a good day all around.
Well, this may come as small consolation to you, but I believe that you each have a lot of work to do to catch up to me in the failed romance department. Divorced twice, left at the alter once.
Thank you, dad.
It's a natural mistake. Uh, what tipped you off?
Well, I think we have a three-way tie. Here's to the Crane boys - love's big losers.
Oh, now be careful, Niles. You know, from this height that could hurt somebody.
Well, it's Saturday night. And here we are... again.
Well, come and get us, Seattle! Three Cranes, no waiting!
We're ludicrous!
Oh well, good show today, Roz. I particularly thought that—
You know, Roz, maybe it's time you set some limits. Good lord, how hard can it be to say "no" just once? Oh well, look who I'm talking to.
Oh, Roz!
That is a grand prize indeed! I must admit, I'm just a bit envious. Well, listen, I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Just seems a pity you won't be able to take advantage those ski lessons.
Oh, tons, tons! Just because you can't ski — or for that matter hike, sled, or snowboard — doesn't mean you can't still curl up in by a roaring fire with a nice warm snifter of... oh, sorry.
Breathtaking! I just hope you can endure the four-hour drive up there, and you so carsick these days...
Big-screen TV?
Thank you.
Well, what are you all loitering around here for when you should all be packing?
For the fabulous ski weekend I'm taking us on!
In a manner of speaking. It's a gorgeous ski lodge, and an Olympic champion in residence to give us lessons!
Well, I'm not sure how many bedrooms there are.
Oh well, yes, why not? I mean, what could be more fun than a gung-ho girls' rugby captain?
I will kill you for this!
You filed for divorce a week ago. Can't you wait awhile?
Listen, Niles, if you want to make a fool of yourself with Daphne, that is your affair. But frankly, I will not have you ruin my ski weekend by inviting along this girl that sounds to me like an avalanche risk! I'm going to tell Daphne, no guests!
Well, I hope you're happy. We're stuck with her now.
No need to struggle with that, Annie. I'll be back to help you in a moment. Oh, this place is terrific!
Well, what can I say? I'm a bad driver.
Niles, she is just unschooled, like Liza Doolittle. Find her the right Henry Higgins, she'll be ready for a ball in no time!
Thank you.
Yes, isn't it, though? I mean, look at that vista, it's stunning! Puts one in mind of the Matterhorn, doesn't it?
You're actually going to put butter in the rum?
Good thinking, Dad. After we're done, I'll whip us up a nice batch of pork-nog.
Allow me.
Oh, enough already, my ears are burning!
Hello, Guy.
Oh, you speak French as well?
Well, that should be enough to get you through the weekend.
Yes, it's enough to put ideas in one's head.
Thank you.
Never let it be said that Frasier Crane would permit a lady to go thirsty. Daphne, why don't you see if Dad's finished with that second batch?
Oh, well, thank you, Dad, but actually it's the rum I'm interested in. I think it's just the thing I need to clinch things with Annie.
Says who?
I knew my charms would win her over! My God, I should register this dressing gown with the love police.
Rum's ready!
Thank you, Guy.
She told you that?
No, no, no, Niles, Annie was not flirting with you. She's hot for me.
Oh, please, Niles, you're going beyond the limit that time. You're delusional! Next thing, you'll be telling me that Guy's after you!
Annie, that's a lovely gown.
Mmm, Dad, this batch is even stronger than the last one!
Wise words.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
'Night, Dad.
They must have switched.
Annie?
Goodnight, Niles.
Oh... hello. What were the two of you doing in Guy's room?
Oh, thank you. Uh, how long will you be with Annie?
Yes. I was just delivering it to... Dad. Well, carry on.
Daphne!
I'm sorry, wrong room!
Next room I want, then?
Yes, bye-bye, sorry again!
Guy!
You're not even the sex I want!
Oh, Niles? Company!
You know, much as I'd love to stay and help you two sort this thing out, there happens to be a very beautiful woman on the other side of this door who wants me desperately!
Annie!
I'm sorry! My father told me you were hot for me!
Blame Daphne, she's the one who told him!
Oh, wait, wait, wait! Wait, everybody! Let me see if I've got this straight. All the lust coursing through this lodge tonight, all the hormones virtually ricocheting off the walls, and no one... was chasing me?
See you at breakfast.
Good afternoon, Betsy. I'm listening.
Well, that sounds enchanting.
That's a very powerful image, wouldn't you say so, Roz? Roz agrees.
Well that's all the time we have today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you a good day and good mental... AHHH! I'm sorry, someone just walked into the room and frightened me. It's, uh, my ex-wife, so if you're a regular listener you'll know what I'm talking about! I'll see you Monday.
Oh, hello Lilith.
Yeah well, we're past that now, aren't we? Well, what brings you to Seattle?
Oh! And how is Frederick?
Yes, we have. And, uh, Brian?
Yes, yes. So, did you two get that gift basket I sent you for the holidays?
Nothing, I sent her a gift basket, fruits and festive nuts!
Oh, Lilith, oh, I am genuinely sorry.
So you didn't come for the conference?
You know, you really shouldn't be alone tonight. Er, Niles and I are atending a reception at the Union Club, would you like to join us?
You know I'll always be here for you.
Ah, yes - well, em, you'll have to excuse me. I have an appointment, station manager, very important, can't be broken. I'll, em, see you tonight. Bye bye.
Hello, Niles.
Mmm, that bun looks good.
Speaking of buns I could do without, Lilith is back!
Now go easy on her. Her husband has left her, and get this: for a man.
Poor thing, she's obviously devastated - her entire world has been turned upside down. Oh, look who I'm talking to. No one knows better than you how much a messy divorce can leave one...
...strangely relaxed! Niles? Niles!
Am I boring you?
Good lord! When did this start?
Well, obviously Lilith is distraught and she's come to me to help her make sense of the whole thing. I find it just a bit disconcerting.
Well, we have a destructive pattern: whenever she comes to me in need I find her vulnerability highly desirable; against my better judgment we end up in bed and I'm left with feelings of regret.
Oh baby!
Well, I can't! She's joining us at the Union Club tonight.
Come on Niles, it's just a bunch of stuffed shirts talking about their portfolios and prostates.
Give me that! He will call you back. Lord, aren't we a pair: a narcoleptic and a weak-willed sexual obsessive. We're like a couple of brothers out of an O'Neill play!
Hello, Niles. Sherry? I think we have time before Lilith arrives.
It's just to rendezvous, it's all of two minutes.
Alright, she's coming! Both of you suck it up! Lilith has had a devastating week; her husband has left her. The least you could do is show a little compassion, unless you'd like to hide in your rooms because two minutes of polite conversation with a woman in need is too much to ask!
Oh I'm fine, believe me: I'm in complete control!
Oh baby!
No, but if you stand in the light maybe...
Now that we've got the pleasantries out of the way, let me take your wrap.
Yowsa! Oh Lilith, that dress is stunning.
No!
Well... bravo! I can almost feel the curtain rising!
Damn her lily-white hide! She knows what she's doing dressing like that! That woman plays me like a lute – well, I guess you know a thing or two about that! Huh! I've got all the resistance of a horny stag! Niles, you've gotta help me get through this... Niles!
Yes, you fell asleep with your cheek right next to the ice tray!
Niles, I need your help resisting Lilith!
Yes, of course.
Thank you, Niles, that just might do the trick. When it comes to an ugly image, you can't beat a dead horse!
Yes! Let her bat her eyes all she wants to, she can push her breasts up to Canada, I won't budge!
Lilith, are you awake?
Lilith?
Surrendering, Lilith. I'm yours!
Oh please, don't punish me for playing hard to get last night! It took everything I had to resist you.
Oh, who cares?! You're gonna tell me that when you were lying in your bed last night you weren't thinking about me?
Oh, drop the mask, Lilith! We both know why you came to Seattle. We both know why you dressed so enticingly last night.
There's someone in your bathroom?
My Goddess!
Well, let's just take care of this...
Why is the breakfast cart in the bathroom?
Still, food in the bathroom?
Well, this is a little embarrassing. My ex-wife, we're sort of reconnecting.
You never know, it might just work out this time.
Say, listen - while you're still here, why don't you send up an order of Eggs Benedict? There's no reason why she should eat alone.
Now, where were we?
Why not? Lilith, please, we're alone, we're here, you need your Frasier-
What the hell was that?!
Niles!!
My God!
OH MY GOD!
Stop it, Niles! Stop it! Don't tell me how or why, I've just got to get out of here!
I'm in a bathrobe, you jackass!
What? You didn't do anything wrong?!
You're actually defending what you did?!
Well... that is very impressive, Dr. Sternin. But I too happen to be a psychiatrist. Let me tell you what actually transpired. This was a passive-aggressive manifestation your deep resentments towards me. Niles, you were punishing me for my notoriety. You, for my successful adjustment after our divorce. It is this shared bond that brought the two of you to your palace of sweet revenge!
It is not!
I have a right to... Why am I defending myself?!
OK, then... the three of us have certainly analyzed the CRAP out of this!
I don't know.
No, it would be the two of us in a whole different hell!
So, isn't this peachy! Everything's turned out just fine for everyone. You two have solved your problems, the waiter received a handsome tip, Niles and I have matching bathrobes, and looky here! It's not even nine- thirty yet!
Oh, stop it, both of you! Enough! It happened, and I'm just going to have to deal with it. I suppose in a twisted way there is one positive for me in this: you see, Lilith, I have never stopped desiring you - even though we are completely wrong for each other! But now, from this day forward, whenever I look at you, I will see the back of my brother's head! And that is one bucket of ice water, let me tell ya!
Enough, Lilith.
No, we're not... but we will be.
Well, that's all the time we have for this afternoon, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you good afternoon, and good mental health.
Absolutely, Roz. Anytime, all you have to do is ask.
Oh, no, no, Roz, I'm just kidding. I love it!
Yes, it looks great.
Trust me.
Gosh, that's my cousin! Nikos! What are you doing here?
Oh, it's great to see you! My God, it's been ages. Oh yes, I'd like you to meet my producer, Roz Doyle.
This is Nikos, my father's brother's son.
Oh, well, he's half Greek. He gets his looks from his mom.
Roz!
You're getting married?
Well, no, it's the first I'm hearing of it!
She must still be nursing that grudge.
Well, thank you, Nikos. Well, I'd certainly hate to miss this wedding. I wonder if there's some way we could work this out. You want to go grab a cup of coffee?
Great!
Oh, Roz, it's rather a long story—
We don't really have the time to into all that right now—
Stop pointing fingers. Why don't we try to solve this problem?
Oh, stop it, Niles! You're just afraid of seeing Cousin Yvonne, aren't you?
Oh, a distant cousin who has a slight crush on Niles.
Forcing you to go elsewhere when you have one of your frequent cravings for stuffed grape leaves and zither music!
No, but I'd like to give it a try. Dad, I think that we should go to this wedding.
But Nikos wants us there! My God, I watched that boy grow up! I want to be there when he gets married!
And we're back! Listen, Dad—
Oh, stop it, Niles. There are more important issues at stake here than you being mauled by Yvonne the Terrible! Dad is hurt, can't you see that? He misses his brother. Well, it's my fault, and I'm going to put it right. I'm going to get in touch with Aunt Zora. Surely she'll listen to reason. Aunt Zora? Well, that's encouraging. She remembered my voice.
No! She can't avoid me if I go down and meet her face-to- face. I'm going to go to that restaurant.
Oh, I'm not afraid of her!
I have never believed that. She would have to have been five years old at the time!
Stop it!
Aunt Zora, I realize I'm not the most welcome person here, but—
It is not fair to take my mistake out on your husband, or my father!
They didn't do anything!
You have a wedding coming up, you should be joyous!
Nikos tells me his fiancée’s a lovely young woman from a wealthy family, that you like her very much!
So your heart should be brimming with motherly emotions!
You know, I've always wanted to do this: make a trip around the Greek Islands!
Aunt Zora, my point is that we are family, and we should be together. And I promise that if you invite us to this wedding, I will never give Nikos another piece of advice for as long as I live.
I'm through meddling, you have my word. And if you do invite us to the wedding, I also promise that I'll promote this wonderful, wonderful restaurant of yours on my radio program.
Every day for a... month?
You forgive me!
Me, too!
Will you stop complaining? The rehearsal went beautifully. Cousin Yvonne didn't even get near you.
Quite right.
Ooh, save some for me Niles!
Yes. How did you meet?
Yes, well, so did Lizzie Borden.
Oh, I can't help thinking that... nothing. Just a bad joke. She seems like a lovely girl.
Crystal?
Yes, it's a good thing you weren't admiring the pork-butt!
Oh, really? How did he manage that?
Oh, now, now, now, Aunt Zora, don't you worry. I made you a promise, and I'd die before I'd break it.
Yes, yes, lovely girl. You must be very proud.
Oh, it's my pleasure, Dad.
Must be here somewhere. Now, did you know that Nikos and Mary-Ann have only known each other for—
Well, this is so exciting! You two must have so much to talk about! Uncle Walt, hello!
It's amazing how you two can pick up right where you left off.
Niles! Do you realize how pathetic this is?
The wedding I'm beginning to think might just be a serious mistake.
I can't! I promised I wouldn't!
Why, no, I haven't.
So, why did you and this Crystal break up? I mean, I'm not meddling, I'm just curious, that's all.
No. I, uh, don't get to street theatre as often as I should.
Yes, well, there's always pressure on the two-career family.
And how did she take the news?
Yes, she's starting to sound like one.
Nikos, I promised your mother that I would never again interfere in your life—
All right, then. In the interests of your future happiness, I feel it's my duty to let you know—
Yes, wouldn't it?
For God's sake, Niles, why don't you just hide in the men's room?
Well, I've been on the phone. I've been trying to contact Nikos's ex-girlfriend.
I am convinced that he's still in love with her, and she with him! I thought if I could get the two of them together he might realize it in time. Niles, I couldn't reach her, she's out working tonight. I had to leave a message with her roommate.
Hello, Yvonne.
Oh, dear God.
Well, all right, I guess a thought or two comes to mind. Well, I've known Nikos all his life, and I'm sure that he realizes marriage is a binding commitment, not to be entered into hastily—
And that it's very important to-to find the person that you're most compatible with. The one who makes you feel happy... purely happy.
Of course, it would be a shame to go through life having to say, "if I'd only waited..."
I just want to make sure that my cousin marries the woman that he truly loves the most.
Her roommate must have reached her on her car phone!
You remember my promise, no more meddling!
No, no, inappropriate! Toast time is over!
No, no, no, no. You know what, everyone, why don't we do some bouzouki dancing?
Why couldn't she have been a mime?
No! Aunt Zora, no! Out of my way!
Oh, heavens, no!
Really? Well, I think you look very attractive with make-up. Not that I'm saying you need make-up, it's that if indeed you are wearing make-up, it's so expertly applied that I wouldn't even know you're wearing make-up... I'm sure it looks like I'm wearing some rouge right now.
Oh, well, Sharon, I'm asked that question a lot and let me tell you, the stark reality is that that situation is fraught with...
... delightful possibilities.
Er, Friday, yes, Friday it is. After the show?
Great.
Bye.
Yes.
Oh, yes, of course, Dr. Webber. Well, welcome to KACL.
Oh, not at all, it was very good, very good indeed. Besides, you know, we'd all gotten a bit tired of the last show that was in that timeslot; "Bert The Backyard Gardener." A woman in her latest crock gave new meaning to the term, "Potting Shed"! Ah, perfect timing, come Clint.
Roz Doyle, my producer, this is Dr. Clint Webber, the new host of "Health Watch."
Well, again, welcome aboard, Clint.
Not without a set of fake buck-teeth!
Oh, none taken. Granted, when it comes to the looks department, Dr. Webber and I aren't in the same...
Well, I was going to say "league," but species is so much more insulting!
Bulldog, you're behaving immaturely even for you. Granted the man's handsome but it's no reason to feel threatened.
You're... married?
Well, that's the first time I've ever seen a man "in" himself.
Yes, I'm aware. We were taking publicity photos today, I had an allergic reaction to the make-up I was wearing. I wasn't planning on wearing any make-up at all but there's this handsome new employee at the station, everybody's feeling incredibly insecure about their looks. They were all slapping their make-up on, so I too gave in to vanity. And, like Icarus flying too close to the sun I had to pay the price.
Thank you, Dad, I don't like to go with mythology too often, but that was spot-on...
All right, Roz!
Oh, I am not jealous. Yes, the man is handsome, but I'm sure there are a number of areas in which I am his superior. You know, let's not forget that good looks can be a mixed blessing. People just roll out the red carpet for you but that robs you of any incentive to develop other qualities. After a while you're left an aging narcissist bent at the water's edge, realizing those lines in the pond aren't ripples, they're wrinkles.
Thank you, dad, I rather like that one myself.
All right, Roz, don't we have some work... over there?
Very amusing Dad, off you go.
Oh, Dr. Webber. You remember Roz Doyle, of course.
Who could forget that infectious laugh?
Oh, yes, everybody.
Well, actually we were...
So, Clint, I see that you're a squash player. You know, if you're up for a game some day, I used to play a bit back in Harvard.
Well, I'm sure the school you went to was just as good.
Oh, well, even better. So, did you go to medical school there as well?
Ah?
Mmmm.
Well, I too understand the importance in taking some time off before beginning medical school. I spent that summer in Milan studying the history of opera. In fact, I had the good fortune to make an acquaintance and become friends with a then-little-known young tenor by the name of Carreras.
Forgive the name dropping.
You're joking!
I'll be interested to see if he remembers the game we used to play where we pretended not to remember one another.
There's really no need.
Okay, maybe we can work now while he's gone. Oh, Roz, for heaven's sake. You're behaving like a starry eyed Bobby Socks-er. Yes, the man is good looking, it's not like he can stop traffic!
There's a blind corner out there, we don't know that was him!
Oh, well, Dr. Webber neglected to mention that he was squash champion back in college.
Oh, no, not at all. It was a lovely morning, Clint was gracious enough to treat me to breakfast. Course, once we arrived at "Le Renée," the chef had just cut himself. Clint not only treated the wound but set about to making us a flawless egg-white and truffle omelet.
He's real.
Yes, I know, Roz, I thought it would be a good idea to have Clint on, introduce him to my listeners, give his show a leg up.
Roz, try as you may to insinuate that I have some seething jealousy to this man, the fact is, I like Clint. Why else would I be giving a party in his honour this evening?
Yes, right up. Let's just slip on our headphones, and follow my lead, okay? Good afternoon, Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. Before we start our regular program, I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce you to Dr. Clint Webber. Clint, if you're anything like I am, you'll spend your first week trying to figure out what all these buttons do.
Ah, well, things may have gotten a bit more sophisticated since then. For instance we have here a cough button.
Of course it is. All my listeners are familiar with my now-trademark "echoing cough"! Well, let's go to the lines, take our first call, show Dr. Webber the ropes, shall we? Go ahead, you're on the air.
Oh, hello, Marie, I'm listening.
Really? Well, Marie, the desire to stay in bed is very similar to the desire to regress to the womb. Some unconscious fear is driving you to a place of safety. Now, in order to resolve this problem you're going to have to examine your life and discover just what it is you're retreating from. It's hard but very necessary work, I suggest that it maybe time to try some therapy.
Yes, well, thank you, Marie. But I think it's time to say goodbye to Dr. Webber now and we'll be back right after these messages.
Yes, it was, wasn't it?
Oh, no, no, not at all, I always enjoy learning something new. Well, I'll see you tonight, don't be late.
Of course you are!
I hate him.
Thanks for helping out.
Oh, well, really? I'm surprised you're even here at the party. I didn't think you cared much for Clint.
Ah, the regular busboy romance. Excuse me. Niles.
Well, let me see, what have you missed? Clint told us about how he learned to fly a plane, and then he recited a sonnet and, oh yes, he fixed my ice machine and he invented a new drink; the "Pink Webber"! He's got Daphne drawing a bath right now, in case the party starts to lag, he invited to walk on water, liven things up a bit.
It's just that I've never dealt with this sort of thing before.
I can see how that might be baffling to you, as my younger brother, you dealt with this thing all your life.
You're right, I'm being a bit silly about this thing, I suppose. I just wish I could one flaw, one area where I'm his superior.
Thank you. Do you play?
Well, yes, as a matter of fact, I'm playing by mail with a Russian grand master. It's quite challenging.
My God, you're right. And actually I'd be happy to hear that, except I'm playing black, well... wasn't that a fun eight months!
Hello, Sharon. Sorry we haven't had a chance to speak much.
Yes, so am I, and you look absolutely beautiful - or should I say...
Oh Boy, what's so funny?
Oh, really?
Oh, don't mention it.
Enjoy.
No, no, not at all. I can't tell you how much I'm enjoying hearing it.
Really?
Really?
Well, I think we could persuade the piano player to play it again.
Niles, Niles, I've done it. I have found his Achilles Heel!
Clint's! Oh, I just heard him singing, the man is completely tone deaf. He's about to launch into a rendition of "Isn't It Romantic" that will simply peel the enamel from your teeth!
What do you mean?
Yes.
No, no, no, I know, you're right. I guess I am a bigger man than that.
Yes, he is, isn't he?
Clint, there's been a little change of plan...
Please, everybody... nobody's perfect.
What's going on, anyway? My God, I've got an appointment in twenty minutes.
Oh.
Well, if requesting basic sanitary procedures makes me a weenie, then a weenie be I.
Nice to see you, too, Roz.
Well, perhaps you could... cut off the bow, remove the sleeves, and, uh...
Children!
I, for one, am looking forward to the SeaBeas.
Well, you're awfully cocky.
Ah.
Let's just move on, shall we?
Roz! That man, he's got a gun!
Roz, are you all right?
Niles!
Niles, what have we determined about your success with... impulse purchases?
My suggestion exactly.
Actually, I've got some news of my own. In the cafe today - Oh, for God's sake. Niles, do you have news?
Thank you.
What are you talking about?
"Best Performance By a Guest on an Information Show."
Ah, yes, yes, yes.... Thirty minutes psychobabble all reducible to one phrase: "Rain, rain, go away."
Oh, thanks, guys, thank you.
Yes, Niles, as I have tried to tell you, there was an attempted armed robbery today at the café.
No, no, no, thank goodness. It all diffused rather quickly. Tempest in a tea pot, really. Thank you.
Oh, Niles, hold on a second. How did you two hear about it?
They said that on the news?
That's not how it happened at all! Why would he say such a thing?
Shut up, Niles.
Well, we were all standing at the counter, when I noticed a man with a gun. I warned Roz. Bulldog saw a different man reaching for his wallet, and thought he was the gunman. That's when he grabbed Roz and held her in front of him as a human shield! But as he did that, he accidentally knocked his coffee onto the actual gunman, burning his hand, causing him to drop his weapon and run out!
Well, apparently not.
Well, I was just so relieved everyone was all right at first! I suppose it did irk me when everyone was praising him, and the owner of the cafe promised him a lifetime supply muffins! Well, I never thought it'd go this far. I never thought I'd hear it on the news!
I'm certainly not going to let Bulldog get away with this!
I'm going to tell him I saw exactly what happened!
Well, that's all the time we have for today. Good afternoon, Seattle, and good mental health. Roz, did you see Bulldog come in?
Do you really think he had anything to do with...
Hello, Bulldog.
Just drop it. I saw what you did yesterday.
Saved my butt, my ass! You pulled Roz in front you to protect yourself! Everything else that happened was simply by accident.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't.
You know what, I was determined to expose you, but it suddenly occurs to me I don't have to. You'll do it yourself. And you know why? Because a guilty conscience needs no accuser.
Once again, I don't have to, because a guilty conscience sleeps in thunder!
It means I won't tell.
You know, actually I'll be fascinated as a psychiatrist to watch this little experiment. I know that deep down you feel bad about what you've done. And you'll feel worse every time you capitalize on it. How long before your conscience finally overwhelms you?
Well, what do you say to that, hero?
Obviously.
Oh, no thank you, Daphne. I'm not very hungry.
Oh, I've been driving around, thinking. I can't seem to get this Bulldog thing off my mind.
Is that your roundabout way of saying you don't want to discuss it?
Well, it's not really Bulldog, so much. It's just that I believe that conscience, more than customs and laws, is what prevents people from doing wrong. To contemplate the idea an otherwise sane man with no conscience... It just shakes my entire world view.
Maybe I'm blowing this thing out of proportion. I just can't understand how Bulldog can accept all those accolades and not be tormented by it.
Well, that's a comforting thought, Niles. But we'll never know for sure, now, will we? Well, enough about this. You know, I think I'm off to bed. Goodnight all.
I want to talk to you.
You have done something horrible, and selfish. And I need to know that you feel bad about it.
I'm talking about what happened with Roz!
Bulldog!
I am not leaving until I know that you feel some remorse for what you've done.
Yes!
You feel NOTHING!
The little thing in question is using a pregnant woman as a human shield! Have you no conscience?
I refuse to believe that!
No! No! No, you don't! I know you've got a conscience. It must be buried deep inside there. I will find a way to get it out of you!
Oh, you mark my words. I don't know how yet, but come Saturday night you will be so consumed with guilt you will not be able to accept that Man of the Year Award!
Daphne!
Oh, you're gorgeous.
Dad, not bad, either!
Of course.
No, nonsense, Roz, you look divine.
Well, it certainly promises to be quite a night.
Well, Dad, I wouldn't be surprised if Bulldog actually declines that award.
Well, I've arranged a few surprises to prick his conscience, until, like Hamlet's stepfather, he totters from the banquet, ghostly pale and gibbering with guilt!
Niles.
No. Well, shall we take our seats?
Oh, Bulldog.
Oh, no, there's no reason to avoid me, Bulldog. I have no intention of ruining your evening. In fact, I've gone to great lengths to make it memorable.
Oh, don't you worry about me, I'll sleep fine tonight! The sleep of the just!
And the nominees are: "Consumer Forum," Wendy Hashiro, talent, Mike Friedman, producer; "The Doctor Frasier Crane Show," Dr. Frasier Crane, talent, Roz Doyle, producer; and "Bob and Nipsy's Morning Laugh Factory," Bob and Nipsy, talent, Lunatic Larry, producer. And the SeaBea goes to... Well, well. “Bob and Nipsy's Morning Laugh Factory!” Bob and Nipsy couldn't make it tonight, so I accept this award on their behalf. That brings us to our final category, but rather than compete with the coffee service, let's take a short break, and we'll be right back with... the Man of the Year Award!
Oh, God, that's all right, Dad! I'm only concerned about one award tonight. That's the next one!
I'm sorry, Niles.
Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen. Now the time has come to present the Harold Hirschauer Man of the Year Award. Thank you, Susan. As you all know, this award is presented every year to the radio personality who brings honor to our medium. This year, that person is Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe! C'mon up here, Bulldog!
Well, Bob, the night is just beginning for you. Could we please lower the house lights?
Just a few surprise guests that I've invited to help you celebrate this evening! People from your past that've helped make you the man you are today. Do you recognize... this voice?
Yes, it's Father O'Rourke, your boyhood priest and childhood confessor! And who's that next to him?
That's right, it's Mrs. McCloud, your second-grade teacher! The woman who taught you that honesty is the best policy! And who's that next to her?
It's Coach Nugent, from your peewee football days, the man who taught you that it doesn't matter whether you win or lose but that you play the game fair!
And who's that next to him? Yes! It's the president... your fan club! Little Joey Katona, whose only dream is to grow up and be just like you! But we're not through yet! Could we please bring the house lights up again?
We've saved the best for last. It's the woman that gave everything to you...
The night would not be complete without the woman who taught you right from wrong.... It's your mother, Bernice Briscoe!
Now let's turn the microphone over to our guest of honor this evening. I'm sure we're all anxious to see what the hero has to say!
This can't be happening!
I can't! The man is a coward and he's being rewarded!
No! I'm sorry, Dad, but I won't-
Thanks, Dad.
Bye-bye, Roz.
Oh, for God's sake! I'll do it!
That's the most ridiculous thing I've seen in my entire life! Stop it, just sit down!
Yes, indeed. I met a lovely young artist at the gallery opening on Saturday. We went out for coffee afterwards, and our date lasted until, well... the cows didn't actually come home, but I did hear mooing on the front porch!
Yes, that's Caitlin.
Well, obviously we seem different on the surface. But once you get to know her, trust me, she is really a breath fresh air. God, I haven't felt this excited about a relationship in ages!
Oh, it didn't come up.
She didn't mention it.
Well, yes.
Uh, I don't know, we never got around to that.
What are you implying?
Would you stop saying the word "relationship" that way? — relationship.
Oh, for God's sake.
Listen, Niles, I would never stay in a relationship if I didn't think there was some real future in it.
Yes, absolutely! In a heartbeat! It's a principle of mine — you know, this topic comes up all the time on my show. What do I always say?
Surely you must listen occasionally!
My show is on from two to five.
Oh, dear God.
I know I did.
Niles!
Actually, I'm having Caitlin over for dinner.
I'll thank you to stop with your sniggering insinuations that Caitlin and I share nothing but the physical! There are many things that we do share. Caitlin!
Let me take your coat. Oh, you remember Niles, of course. And this is Daphne, Caitlin.
Yes, he's having a little birthday party for his dog.
Too old to be having a birthday party for his dog. Anyway, can I interest you a drink? I've just opened a bottle Conte de Bruillet!
Well, do you hear that, Niles? Our Caitlin is a fellow oenophile!
And we share that same quirky sense of humor! Would you care for a glass?
A martini, then?
Well, so far, parsley. But we'll make do. Let me get you a glass of mineral water.
Please, help yourself to the melon slices. Just... unwind the prosciutto.
Spare me your sarcasm.
Niles, I've already told you, I would never continue in a relationship if I didn't think there was a real future, and I happen to believe that there is in this one! Have you ever heard of "opposites attracting?" Where I am worldly, Caitlin is... unspoiled.
I'll walk you to the door.
Will you stop smirking! It's going to take more than a harmless dabbling in astrology to dim the charm of this appealing young woman.
Just get out!
Morning, Dad.
It's Caitlin. I'm in hell. Last night I experienced the most intense physical pleasure I've ever known.
Well, that's not the problem, Dad. It's just that there's absolutely no future for me and Caitlin.
Well, that's not the point. Granted, there are aspects her personality that I find off-putting—
Well, all right! It's just difficult to walk away from something so intoxicating.
You've experienced something like this?
You're absolutely right, Dad. Got to nip this thing in the bud. I'm going to go over there right now. Doing anything else would just make me a hypocrite. You know, just yesterday I dedicated an entire theme show to the importance of self-control.
Doesn't anybody listen?
Frasier.
It'll only take a moment, I need to talk to you about something.
Well, actually I... Good lord, you really do look... Good lord!
Hello, all.
Heavens, no! I, uh, I stopped by early this morning. We've decided to go our separate ways. And then, I, uh, met up with Roz, went over some paperwork...
You know how she is these days. You know, get her on one her troubles and yak-yak-yak-yak-yak!
And yet she makes every story so interesting I could listen to her for hours...
Oh well, where do you think I've been? Trying to break up with Caitlin! But did I do it? No! And why? Because I'm Frasier, and I'm a sex-oholic!
I was about to make one of those myself.
Oh, I don't think we're exactly in Niles's wheelhouse!
Come on, Niles, I've heard your stories. They're not the steamiest stuff.
Well, I'm sorry, Niles. I had no idea.
"Does me so much good," said Emma Bovary! If you're going to steal a love life, don't steal from the classics, you imbecile!
You're not the only one. Let me give you a hand.
Not much.
Well, it just seems wrong. I've thought a lot about this—
Well, it's just that I'm afraid I have no future with her.
Well, maybe she thinks that she has a future with me!
I don't know.
Well, you're right. Over-thinking things can certainly spoil anything. You know, it's funny, I gave the very same advice the other day on my show to that lawyer from Bainbridge.
You were five feet away! Doesn't anyone listen?!
Smells wonderful.
Caitlin, you know...
Well, I wanted to ask you: where do you see this going?
No, I mean our relationship. We've never talked about it.
No, not at all, I'm actually relieved! I-I've been loving things the way they are too.
Right — oh well, "fun" doesn't begin to describe it! I just wanted to make sure we were both on the same page.
Well, I have been terribly worried about this global warming situation.
I'm so glad we had this conversation!
Oh, Caitlin, Caitlin, I'm not as narrow-minded as all that. You know, I think we have a wonderful chemistry. That's enough to offset a few minor differences.
Oh! Same goes, by the way! You know, I just love these converted loft spaces. I wonder what this one was before you moved in? Judging by these meat hooks — a slaughterhouse, huh?
Oh, you artists and your whimsical decorating touches! That's a mousetrap, isn't it? You get many mice?
Caitlin... you've cut your hair!
Well, it's uh... it's different! It's still beautiful, nonetheless. Is that all your hair?
You know, Caitlin, I'm thinking—
Right.
OK. Go ahead, Body... I'm listening.
Oh God, yeah, that feels good.
How romantic. You know, there's nothing like a full moon to make one—
Caitlin?
As in... werewolf?
Well, yes, but in that context I took it as a compliment!
Yes, that—
Among other things!
Listen, Caitlin, I'm starting to think that maybe this isn't such a good idea!
Well, you know, we're just so different! You know, I'm basically your stuffy, buttoned-down sort of guy! You're, well, you're your free-spirited, adventurous, mouse- painting, moon-howling sort of girl! Is even the most satisfying sexual relationship enough to bridge that gap?
Oh, good morning, Roz.
What the hell was that?
Who?
Good idea, Roz. If that doesn't work, why don't we get married and have some children, that will really fix his wagon!
Stan? The smug stockbroker who kept calling me "Frazer?"
How can someone not hear the difference between "Frasier" and "Frazer"?
Oh, oh, Roz, I almost forgot, here's the invitation to my dad's birthday party. Sherry's giving it, so please excuse the elegant verse, but...
Oh, all right.
Hello, Niles. You know, this isn't what it looks like. You see, her ex-boyfriend was just... Oh, just stop that!
Can I get one of the same for Dr. Crane, please?
Oh, it's all right, Niles. I did a bit of that myself this morning. I found a lovely little calfskin wallet with a matching key case.
Yes, and it was a full twenty dollars below our agreed-upon spending limit.
Oh God, me too. Finally to do away with our annual contest to see who could give dad the most lavish gift.
Extreme.
Gaudy.
Obscene.
Stop it! So, what did you get him?
Well, we're not exactly bumping our heads on that spending ceiling, are we?
You know, I looked into those clubs, they're rather expensive.
How big a drop?
That's not a drop, it's a downpour!
It's a deluge!
Stop it!
Well, frankly, I don't need to buy dad's love. You've opted to violate our agreement, so be it. I have a gift, you have a gift.
Big baby!
Stare all you like. You will not distract me from my paper. You see, your efforts are futile, I can't even see you.
Oh, how reminiscent of the cream cheese gavel they gave Thurgood Marshall on his eightieth!
Oh, yes, yes, that would explain why your horses are wearing brassieres.
Well, er, sherry, Niles?
Ah.
Yes, he has.
Great, Daphne, off you go.
Ah, Daphne...
Well, not this year. We'd actually agreed to a spending limit until someone else exceeded it.
Well, if you ask me, your gifts compliment each other perfectly.
Tickets?
I don't believe you! You already had a better gift than mine, you still saw the need to take it to a higher level.
All right, enough is enough. I quit, I'm throwing in the towel.
Because this is a receipt for the binoculars, this should prove to you that I have no intention of returning them in order to get a better gift. There.
Oh, stop babbling, Daphne, and bring me some tape!
Yes, I did. It took me most of the afternoon but I finally came up with something I think is just about perfect!
Niles was here?
That little worm!
No, I am not. I've combed the entire city trying to find a gift - but nothing is better than what Niles got him.
I don't know. I'm sure it's something any father would just love.
Enjoy, Dad.
Who's Ed Flannagan?
Er, nothing much. I've got some shopping to do.
Really?
Oh, don't even say it!
No! God, it'll ruin my apartment, my life! I can't, I won't, I mustn't!
I know!
Perhaps I'm panicking needlessly. It just needs a little dressing-up, really. You know, I'll just arrange these plants here at the base.
Yes, maybe an objet or two on top. Yes, yes, this little bud vase, here.
That makes a world of difference, doesn't it?
Oh, it's ghastly! Oh God, you just don't put a smear of lipstick on the Bride Frankenstein and turn her into a trophy wife, do you?!
Niles.
Didn't what? You mean buy dad this television set? Of course I did! Ah, it's impressive, isn't it?
I disagree! Where you see an eyesore, I see a picture window to a world of art and culture. Just think how a screen this size will enhance the majesty of the Metropolitan Opera. Or the thrilling artists of the Bolshoi!
Oh, you're right, it's dreadful, isn't it! But you know, it's worth it, just to imagine the smile it'll put on dad's face, not to mention the pleasure of watching you twist and writhe in envy. You're not twisting and writhing!
Oh, don't try to change the subject, Niles, you've lost, admit it!
You can only live in denial for so long before you...
You didn't?!
Oh! ... Oh... how could you?!
Ah, all right, Niles. What else can I do? I give up! You win. You have found the one gift that can't be trumped.
Still, on the bright side, I know dad will love this set. He really will. And already it doesn't seem quite as intrusive as it did when it first got here.
What are those?
They don't give them actual crowns, you twit! Well, come on, Dad, you don't want to be late for the party, I'm sure Sherry's getting warm in that cake!
Dad?
Don't want to be late.
Are you sure?
Is there something you'd like to talk about?
Oh dear God! It's Stonehenge!
God, I know. Not even when Sherry sang that little ditty she'd composed; "You Can Cop A Feel If I Can Feel A Cop"! Brandy, Niles?
Well, you know how he is. Gets himself into these moods, he just retreats.
The thought occurred to me too.
It occurred to me.
Well, it... stop it!
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
He said he was coming home with you.
I'm sure he's all right. He'll be back soon.
Oh, suit yourself, Niles. I think you're fretting needlessly.
Oh, who am I kidding?! I'm worried sick!
All right, dad, we know you know we're here.
All right, fine, we'll see you later. You know, it is a little troubling that you feel more comfortable talking to your horse than you do to your sons.
That's my slogan; "I'm Listening." You know, dad, listening is the foundation...
Right.
Shush!
Dad, you still have a lot of...
Sorry, sorry.
Well, actually, it was mostly Niles's idea.
Niles, what a generous gesture. How can I ever thank you?
Dear God!
It's a minefield out there! Everywhere I go, people are talking about this mini-series I've been watching!
Bup, bup, bup, bup! I attended a benefit last night. I had to tape it, and I have yet to see it.
I don't think it's trashy at all! In fact, I think the intricacies of the plot are downright Dickensian.
Anyway, I'm just having a very difficult time having a conversation without having to avoid people telling me the ending.
Yes, goodbye, Betty.
Interminable! Is the tape in the VCR?
Heather had a baby?
Well, who's the father? Oh no, no, no, don't tell me.
Thank you.
Hi, Dad.
My...god-uncle? There's no such thing as a god-uncle.
No! I barely even remember my godfather, he died twenty years ago.
Dad, you know as much as I'd like to pay my respects, catch up with my god-cousins and meet the god-neighbors, I have some urgent business that just can't wait until later.
Oh, all right! One hour! I don't even know why I'm going. The man was a ghoul, he used to hide his glass eye in my marble bag!
Hello, Niles. Ooh, Niles, you'd be smart to get out of here. Dad's dragging me off to a wake for my god-uncle Charlie.
Yes!
Uh, yes, she is. Why?
Are you sure you're ready for this?
Well, all right. I suppose you've thought this through. Maybe it is time.
Time for me to, uh, put this popcorn away for later.
Well, what did she say?
Oh, Niles. No surprise. After all you've been through with Maris, you were just scared of another rejection.
Oh, my God!
I don't know. If I'd known Daphne was standing there, I would have said "Shut up, Daphne's standing there."
Niles, Niles, Niles. Listen, calm down. Now listen, this may even be for the best. You said you wanted to take the next step.
Niles, you've got to talk to her!
If you wait, it will only become incredibly awkward! You can't leave things like this, Niles. Come on, you've got to resolve it now. Go, go!
Where's Niles?
Oh, that's all right Daphne. Did you and Niles have a little chat?
Well, that is wonderful! Let me be the first to raise a glass to... to god-uncle Charlie. You know, Daphne, as long as you're doing the laundry, the kitchen towels could use a washing. Oh, and my oven mitts are getting a bit crunchy.
What the hell is going on?
Phyllis?!
Oh, lord.
Niles, stop! You have got to clear this up.
Oh, well, I'm off to...bring the car around for Dad.
We left! Even the mourners were babbling about the mini- series.
No, no, Niles. Actually, everybody's heading over to the Kiwanis club to have a post-wake kegger. Could you please take Dad?
Please!
Phyllis?
Daphne... is cooking dinner... for your date with a fictitious woman. Why not just set a place for the March Hare and the Mad Hatter?!
Niles, the longer you continue with this absurd lie, the more likely it is to blow up in your face!
Ka-Boom!
Hello, I'm Frasier, Niles's brother.
In a minute, Dad.
Me?
I've got my hands full with Dad.
Dad? You know, I guess it was time we were going. Maybe you could just press for the elevator and I'll be right there in a minute.
Yes, well, he's always been the quiet type. Especially... since all the trouble with Heather.
Don't worry. He stood trial, they never proved a thing.
I'll explain later, Niles. Tell you what, though: don't plan on running for the co-op board here anytime soon.
Well, actually you know, Roz really isn't the nervous type.
Roz, why don't you show the Garretts the view?
Hello, Niles.
It certainly is.
Hmm, what do you want?
I would rather give you a lung! Latte, please.
And in what class will Maris be showing?
You know, here's an idea, Niles: Don't go!
Well, all right Niles, if it's moral support you need, I'll go with you.
All right.
Roz, why do you need a hotel room?
You just ordered a four-dollar cup of coffee. "On the street" may be a tad dramatic.
You know Roz, if you're stuck, my dad's going to San Francisco for the weekend. You can always stay with me.
Well then, that's settled. That's that, then.
No, no, no, no. I wouldn't have suggested it if it wasn't something I wanted to do. You should know that.
No, no, no, let me get that.
Well then, lucky me - I'm getting everything I want today.
Calm down, dad.
We've got plenty of time.
I just stopped off for your blood pressure medicine.
Well, pack it anyway!
Oh, just a little something I picked up for Daphne at the drug store. She ran some errands for me last week.
Yes dad, I always buy precious stones at the same counter I pick up corn pads and Wart Be-Gone!
Oh, actually Daphne, we're just on our way but first there's a little something I wanted to give you - just a little token of my appreciation.
Well, of... course I did.
Well, it's a small gift, a tiny gift...
Well, actually Daphne...
Well, I-
Dear God, she believes they're genuine sapphires.
I'm going to have to tell her the truth.
I can't let her think I gave her something I didn't. Honesty between friends is far more precious than any gem. I'm sure Daphne feels exactly the same way.
Daphne, you know, I'm glad you like them...
Somebody has to keep track of these things.
All right dad, I'll get my keys!
Did you remember to pack your medicine?
You know dad, I think you'll find that Frisco hasn't changed all that much.
Come on in, Roz.
Actually, you're here a little earlier than I expected.
Oh, frankly I didn't check my machine all day today.
Something tells me you never talked for a long time.
Now Roz, just calm down.
Maybe they just want to meet you. They are the grandparents of your child.
I know that, but...
Roz, listen, all they want is a short meeting.
What if they turn out to be nice supportive people that you're glad to have in your life?
Oh Roz... You know what, I could go with you, if you like? Oh, better yet, we can have them here tomorrow night. Niles and I have a dog show around eight o’clock. They can come before that.
I'll bet that's Mrs. Garrett.
Hello. Yes, she is. Yes, she did get your message. No, no, I'm afraid she won't be able to meet you. Yes I understand that you're upset. I'm terribly sorry, goodbye.
That was Marco, now we're calling Mrs. Garrett.
Like Pollyanna grew up and got herself into a little trouble.
I will mean a lot to them. Besides, it's a chance to learn about your baby's lineage. A lot of things are inherited, you know. Like intelligence, artistic ability...
Roz, there's no need to panic. You know, this should be fun! It's like a little preview of who your child might be.
Frasier Crane. Won't you please come in? Roz'll be out in a second. She just went to powder her... self.
Well, actually you know, Roz really isn't the nervous type.
Roz, this is Steve and Paula Garrett.
Oh-ho-ho, certainly not!
Well, I must admit when I opened the door I...
Exactly! You know, you both look so young. Don't they, Roz?
Oh, Daphne Moon, Steve and Paula Garrett.
I know! It's amazing, isn't it? They are actually the parents of a twenty year-old.
Oh, excuse me. Oh, Niles. You're an hour early.
Company, yes! Steve, Paula Garrett, this is my brother, Niles Crane. The Garretts are the grandparents-to-be Roz's baby.
Roz, why don't you show the Garretts the view?
Just stop it, the two of you! My God, you're acting like a couple of two year-olds!
Dad? What are you doing here?
Dad, Dad, this is Steve and Paula Garrett. They're Rick's parents, you remember Rick?
What is the matter with you people?!
Not in the slightest! These are two perfectly nice people, who happen to have large noses! The three of you standing in here, sniggering like school childen! Well, all right, fine. If you can't get yourselves under control you can just stay in here!
Quiche Lorraine, anyone?

"Quiche her? I hardly know her!" I just got that!
You know Roz, in spite of a rather shaky beginning, I think this evening's turned out rather well.
Frankly Roz, I think you're making a big deal out of nothing. As I remember, Rick had a perfectly fine nose, and so do you. I'm sure your baby's going to have one too.
Who's for coffee?
Well, you know, maybe coffee's a bad idea if you've got that early flight in the morning. Daphne, could you just take this back into the kitchen for me?
No, no, that's not really necessary. Once you've seen one sapphire, you've seen them all.
You know, why don't you just get up? You have to get going, you know, we have plenty of people in order to form a search party. And you know, we'll just trample each other. Well, good night.
Uh-huh, and you might as well get a little sleep before you take off.
I've got it! Here it is. Bon voyage!
Alright, Daphne, just a second. Well, listen, it was wonderful of you to come.
Goodnight.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's just a piece of lint. Well, the search continues.
I know what you're thinking Daphne, and you're right. Obviously I...
Actually, you just did.
I'm terribly sorry, Daphne, I meant to tell you eventually.
Shut up, Niles! You see Daphne, the truth is, I didn't remember your anniversary and well, I saw them and I thought they were pretty, so I bought them for you. You thought they were genuine, you seemed so happy...
Actually, I bought them at Raymond's.
SHUT UP!
Take care.
Good to see you.
Oh, come on, Roz! It can't be that bad, let me have a look!
Please.
Hello, Niles.
Niles, if that is a picture of your new Biedermeier loveseat, you've already shown it to me.
Certainly worked for the dealer. Oh, I'm sorry Niles, I'm just not in the best of moods. I just had another disastrous blind date today.
I mean, murderers on death row can find women to marry them! I can't find one to sit through coffee!
I'm serious. I'm getting desperate here.
Oh, really. Did it ever occur to you that this recent antique buying binge you've been on is nothing but a way of sublimating your frustrated sexual desires?
Oh, don't they? In addition to the loveseat, let's see, your most recent acquisitions have been: a French bed- warmer... a pair of Toby jugs... the less said about that Civil War ramrod, the better.
Take heart, Niles. We're both in the same boat. The hard part is, where do you go to meet people?
Daphne?
Oh, nothing, I'm sorry. Go on.
A little trick I discovered a few weeks ago, it's a lifesaver. Anyway, as I was saying, where does one go to meet available women?
Oh, there's a splendid idea. Yes, I can just picture the two of us: tank tops and spandex. Find us a pair of matching headbands, we might as well just sterilize ourselves!
Oh, just our pathetic love lives.
Invade Korea?
Well, I don't know, Dad. That doesn't really sound like us.
Uh, Dad?
Oh, I'm sorry, nothing.
It doesn't always work.
I'll send the invitations.
Niles, this is wonderful. I had no idea we'd get such a turnout.
Roz, I didn't know you were coming.
My God, Roz, you are rusty.
Not necessary, Roz. I've already met someone quite captivating...
Hello.
Yes, that's right. Roz? Roz?
Yes, well, that's why you'll never see an unopened pickle jar at a Mensa meeting.
Roz! Roz, that woman is all over me.
Yes of course I got it! I also got it when she showed me how she can tie a knot in a cherry stem with her tongue.
Except the cherry was in my mouth at the time! Roz, I already tried to tell you that I've met a woman tonight.
Thank you.
Niles.
Oh that's fabulous.
I also met someone who's terrific.
Right, so's mine.
That's not fair! You're the host, you see everyone first!
Exactly, so go pick one!
Soo-eee.
What?
Uh-huh.
Oh, what do I ever say? You're in denial, seek help, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
Hello Niles.
Actually, there's something of an emergency in the kitchen.
Oh, no. He's always run like that. Oh, oh you mean the kitchen. No, no, Niles can handle it.
Oh, yes. I'm his best friend. Well, his only friend really.
Doesn't he, though? Yes, the medication seems to be working wonders. Just hope he sticks with it this time. Well, shall we hit the buffet?
Then I top it all off with brandied cherries and a dollop of creme fraiche.
Not now Niles. I'm telling Vickie my recipe for crepes cateau.
No, he doesn't.
All right, then. If you will excuse me.
What is it?
Why?
No, no it doesn't actually. It looks terrific.
Well, maybe the fire is making you perspire just a little bit. Here.
Well, actually you look quite young and attractive. You know by the warmth of the fire glow, I'd say that you actually look like you're back in your Marty Party days.
No, no.
Great!
Vickie. Hello, where's Niles?
Oh, well, that's terrific. Ah, would you be interested in maybe finding some place where we could talk, just the two of us, no interruptions?
Not now, Roz.
Can't you see I'm busy?
Well... maybe you sat in something.
Yes, yes, I'm sorry, of course. Vickie, Vickie? If you'll excuse us, my friend Roz just went into labor.
Oh, wait, wait just one second. Vickie, I know this may not be the most appropriate moment, but I was wondering if perhaps you'd like to have dinner with me sometime.
Oh, well, thank you for your honesty. My God! What is wrong with me? Why can't I find a single woman who's interested in me?
How's the coffee, Dad?
Well, who needs coffee when we can keep alert by perusing these very up-to-date magazines? Oh, look, Dad. That cute Tricia Nixon's getting married.
Oh, excuse me? May we get an update on Roz Doyle?
Thank you.
I said I was sorry! Not half as sorry as I was when I went over that speed bump and you left a head print on the ceiling of my BMW.
Hello, Niles. Didn't expect to see you here.
I suppose you also came to gloat. You got Vickie, I didn't.
Really? Well, you know what I say? Her loss.
Not a whit.
If only there had been some clue!
I was wondering when you'd crack that, Miss Marple!
Oh, boo-hoo, anyway. At least you had a date tonight!
OK.
Roz. Congratulations.
It's a long story.
Right.
You know, maybe we should just wait until you're not dripping toxins.
I'll be along in a second.
Oh, Roz. Congratulations again. I'm so proud of you. Your little girl is just perfect.
Mm-hmm. My God, look at your face.
Yes, that's exactly how you look: lovely. I don't think I've ever seen your face more purely happy than right now.
Oh, little Alice, how I wish you could wake up right now and see how beautiful your mother looks. Then again, you need your rest.
You did great, honey. Sleep well. Oh, hello.
This may seem like an odd time to ask you this, but I was convinced that we sort of made some eye contact in the waiting room and I was wondering if I could get your number.
Oh, no, forget about her, she's asleep.
Her loss.
Tricia...I am so very sorry. Have you been waiting long?
Well, I do apologize, it's just that the most extraordinary thing happened.
My watch stopped.
No, no, no, no. That really is extraordinary. You see, it's a very fine Swiss timepiece, it only loses a minute per decade.
No, no, no, please, please, let me have another chance. I so enjoyed meeting you last night, I'd love to get to know you better.
You'd be amazed how much fondue gets overcooked that way. Listen, how about lunch tomorrow? I know the maitre d' over at the Le Petite Bistro, he'll give us the best table in the house. Please?
Yes, yes, I know, I know. See you then.
Oh, Niles.
Actually, a young woman I met during intermission at the opera last night. I swear, Niles, it was remarkable. Our hands touched, there was a spark. After ten minutes of conversation, I knew I had to know this young woman better. Ever experience that sort of thing?
Oh, excuse me, may I have non-fat cappuccino, please? Well, what am I to deduce, that you've recently gotten lucky?
Well, you little sneak. I don't even know the woman. How did you two meet?
What'd you do, fish them out with a coat hanger?
Except for your frantically babbled "Thank you's."
Which is more than can be said for your squash game.
To sit with the taxidermist.
I can't believe this has happened to me two days in a row!
I hope she's still sitting at Le Petite Bistro.
What?
Oh, God. Ah, it's her machine. Hello, Tricia, it's Frasier. Look, I'm, I'm terribly sorry but it's just my car battery went dead at a light, and I didn't have my cell phone with me. By the time I got a jump I realized I couldn't go directly to the restaurant because I was wearing these ridiculous shorts, and I, I know how this sounds, but it's the truth! Here, just ask my brother.
Anyway, please give me one more chance. I'll go anywhere, anytime, just, uh, give me a call. Please.
Of course. God, I had such high hopes for this young woman, now I've gone and blown it twice. Whom are you calling?
Oh for God's sake, take it in my bedroom! You're makin' the dog twitch!
Oh, Dad, please, I thought I said I didn't want any fuss this year.
Chimps on Ice? Oh, my.
Well, Dad...
Dad, look, you know, I really don't feel like going out on my birthday this year.
Yes, I actually had made plans already. I was gonna stay in and watch television. The opera is mounting a new production of "Cosi van Tutti."
No. And Mozart's still kicking himself.
Of course I'm familiar with them. Their yearly expeditions are remarkable.
So why are you telling me this?
That's incredible! Oh my goodness!
Oh, thank you! Thank you so much. But wait, gee, I told Dad I was gonna stay home that night. You mustn't tell him about this.
Great. Perfect. But wait a minute: you knew about this yesterday?
Oh, why so?
Hello.
You know, I can never remember which... Is it "Fall ahead, Springbok" or vice versa? Oh, oh good heavens, I forgot I had this on me.
Thank you. Hello?
I have to leave.
Niles, that was Tricia on the phone. She's going out town tonight for a month. But if I swing by, pick her up at her place, pick her up, we can at least join each other for a drink.
I don't care! It was kismet when I met this young woman, I'm not giving up an opportunity to see her!
All right, I'll make a proper excuse. Excuse me, Allison? I'm terribly sorry, it seems I'm coming down with a touch of something, I'm going to have to leave.
Thank you, but I, I don't really see that there's much hope.
Yes, I'm just stopping by my place to pick up my keys, I will see you in ten minutes. And Tricia? I can't wait. OK, bye.
No, I certainly can't.
Well, I, I dress like this sometimes when I watch the opera on television.
You know, since I'm not going to be watching the opera, perhaps I could run out and buy a brand new videotape so I can record it.
Oh, well, thank you Bulldog, thank you all. Oh, well, “David Copperfield,” Dickens's classic tale a young man making his way in the world.
Mmm. "David Cop-a-Feel." Well...
No, no thanks.
Yes, well, thank you, Daphne.
Dad, I can go get some more ice!
Yes, well, then, excuse me. I need to make a call.
Tricia, Frasier. Look, I've been detained. Yes, I know you really don't want to know why. Say, you know what? I think I can find a way to get out of here. Yes, I'll see you in a few minutes.
Dad. Bad news, seems your ice is melting awfully fast.
No worries, I'll get some more.
No, Roz, I want to go.
Roz, it's my birthday, I can do whatever I want on my birthday, I want to go get some ice.
Don't worry, Dad! I'm on it!
Roz, I want to go, I know what kind Dad likes!
No, no, don't stop on fourteen. Just don't stop on fourteen. No, no!
Wishing I had taken the stairs.
“Rhino?”
Niles, Niles, just be calm, be calm. What's done is done. You didn't know, and now it's over. As long as you've both been discreet, there's no reason it should ever get back to Rhino.
I'm sorry, Niles, I would love to stay and help, but I've got to get out of here myself.
Splendid idea! You're going to want it nice and dark in here, aren't you?
All set, and it's show time.
Yep. Here it is! All right, lights out. There you go.
Noel. So you are. Hi Tom, Janet, Bill. You know what? I was just heading down, we're out of ice.
Here's the ice! Here, Noel, put that in the kitchen, will you?
Come on in, everybody. You know, Dad, I've done the silliest thing. I went out without my wallet. They gave me the ice, but I have to go back and pay them.
Actually, I should be getting back there...
Well, well done Roz! Nice playing with you, I'm out here.
What, really?
Oh, all right. Maybe I'll just...prepare in the kitchen! Tricia! You know, you're going to laugh when you hear this. Hello? Tricia? Oh, fine. Ha, ha, "The Iceman Cometh"!
All right.
Gangrene?!
Thank you!
No, you jackass! The Iceman Cometh!
You two are the worst charades players I've ever seen in my entire life! My God, those skating chimps could... Well, you did your best, we'll get it next time. Off I go...
Made it!
Oh, Tricia, please...
Would it make any difference if I told you I had to sneak out of a birthday party being given for me by my own father just to be here with you?
Look, if you don't believe me, here, just see for yourself. In fact, it's turning out to be the worst birthday party I've had since I was eight, when I pinned the tail on Sally Anunsiato. She shoved a cupcake down my shorts.
I would have done almost anything to get to know you better.
Well, I could drive you.
I wasn't talking about the airport.
I could have you in Spokane in six hours. That'll certainly give us enough time to get acquainted.
But you didn't ask. I offered. Look, I want to do it, here.
Well, the way I see it, one two things can happen. Either we'll discover that we've foolishly built each other up in our own imaginations because we've had so much trouble getting together; or, this could end up being a story we tell our grandchildren. Personally, I can't wait to find out which.
Oh, boy! Well, off we go.
Good idea. Looking for some more opera?
Converts, you say?
Something tells me I'm about to.
Well, that's it for today, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane wishing you good day and good mental health.
That is not amusing when you do it in the men's room, it's not amusing now!
Oh, he's just being Bulldog.
What the hell was that?
Oh yes Roz, about as disappointed as I was when that hypnotist at the Christmas party picked them to come up on stage and groom each other like monkeys.
Roz!
Hi, Daph.
Oh, what sort of rally?
Not "Hirsh & Sons"?
They can't do that! That's a Seattle landmark. My God, Mark Twain gave a reading there.
Frankly, I'm terribly upset about this. You know, I think we'll go down there and join that rally.
Tough luck! You're the chauffeur!
Oh, on the contrary, Daphne. I was quite the activist in my college days. There's nothing like throwing your feel as bad to scruffy young rebels thumbing their noses at convention.
Oh heavens no, though I did have a pair of psychedelic suspenders that raised an eyebrow or two. This seat looks good, don't you think?
Well, all right. Well, I'll keep it simple. Be strong, people. Our cause is just. To the barricades! This is sort of fun, isn't it?
Who do you suppose that is?
What do you suppose they mean by that?
You don't think they're talking about a jail sort of thing here, do you?
They don't actually drag people away anymore, do they?
Well, now you're just provoking them.
They weren't kidding. Well, there goes the first lucky martyrs to our cause. Well, as they are dragging people away there'll be none left to protest, you know I better go get some reinforcement.
Solidarity, my brothers!
Hello, Niles.
I'm sorry - just not in the mood.
What cuisines are being fused?
Well, perhaps there's a reason why God put those two countries so far apart.
I'm sorry, Niles. It's just a bad night. See, Daphne's been hauled down to jail. Dad's down there trying to bail her out.
Don't worry, they should be home any minute, it's just that she was down at that rally for "Hirsh & Sons" book store. The worst part of it is that I convinced her to go and when they started hauling people away I chickened out and ran.
It was a thoroughly shameful performance. Though I did clear that private hedge in front of Emerson's funeral home like a Kentucky show horse. What has happened to me, Niles? I used to be so courageous. To fight for things. When did I become so middle-aged? So timid?
Not me! God, it was only five years ago I packed up my whole life in Boston, moved across the country to start over. That took real courage. Now, ha-ha, the biggest risk I take is saying to Dad, "Hey, let's go out to dinner, you pick the restaurant".
Daphne! Daphne, it's so good to have you home safe and sound.
Yes, thank you Dad. Daphne, I am so sorry, I feel just terrible.
Yes well, let's hope they never do away with that old "All jewelry up for grabs at the morgue" policy.
Thanks anyway, Niles.
Hello, yes, I'd like to order a large pizza. What toppings? Er, just a second. Dad, what do you want on your pizza?
Pepperoni, please.
Now, now, Patrick, let's not give in to paranoia. Just because your wife is avoiding sex lately it doesn't mean she's being unfaithful. You said yourself she hasn't been talking lately. Why don't you try reopening the lines communication tonight by surprising her with a nice romantic dinner?
You know, Roz, what do you say we turn things over to our Eye in the Sky, Chopper Dave, with the traffic report?
It's a pleasure.
Of course, the author.
Well, I'll try to catch him next time I'm in Tampa. In the mornin'.
You, too.
Actually, I didn't forget. I had a look at the copy, and, well, I couldn't read it.
Well, just listen to this here. One cup of "Happy Dreams" tea and you'll have happy dreams all night long. The fact is that dreams are a bi-product unresolved emotion. No tea can promise happy dreams.
Yes, but as a psychiatrist I can't. They're promising something that's impossible.
You see, but it's not a slogan. If I as a doctor read it, it sounds like medical advice.
Kenny, maybe I'm not making myself clear here. Let's try this - I will never read this copy.
Well, I didn't realize you felt so strongly about it. I guess I have no choice.
Hello Seattle, the people who know me best will not be surprised by what I'm about to tell you: I am not a man who betrays his principles. I am not a man who misleads his listeners and I am not a man who will shrink from a fight. Today I find myself in a fight over the content of my show. But rather than truffle to the forces of commercialism, I've decided to take a stand on principal, even if it means... I'm not on the air, am I?
How much did I get out?
People who know me best will not be surprised by what I'm about to tell you: I am not a man.
Perfect.
Yes. I must say it feels good to take a stand like this. I feel like my old self again. I tell ya' one thing - I don't envy Kenny. Feeling the cold stares of the other employees because he's fired the station's most popular personality.
Very funny, Niles. God, who'd have thought that getting fired can make one feel so alive?
What do you want? Another staring contest, I suppose. Well, you picked the wrong day for that, boyo.
Take that!
Well, Dad, brace yourself. The station fired me, so you'll be seeing me this time everyday.
I assume you mean the firing part.
Well, they simply asked me to violate a principal I believe in, and I refused.
Well, there's this product called "Happy Dreams" tea. They wanted me to say that it gives people happy dreams.
Well, that's it. I couldn't make a claim like that.
Yes, Dad, that may be...
Yes, I understand.
Yes, I understand.
I realize that!
Yes, Niles, I was wondering when you'd get around to that. So, just allow me. I was so ashamed of my chickening out at the rally that I grabbed at the first fight that came my way. Of course it turned out to be the wrong fight and I needlessly lost my job. So, if you follow that theory through to this end - this petty feeling of euphoria I'm experiencing right now is frankly nothing more than a deep- seated denial.
Not for a second!
Hello.
Kenny, it's only been and hour and a half.
Technically, I'm still available.
Well, what can I say but, see you tomorrow.
I would love that, as long as I don't have to endorse it afterwards.
Good afternoon Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane and I would like to begin today by apologizing for my abrupt departure from the airwaves yesterday. You see, I was embroiled in a conflict with the management. I'm happy to report that it's been resolved. Thank you to the efforts of our new station manager, a courageous and principled young man, Ken Daly. I won't bore you with all the details but suffice it to say he took on the big guys and won.
Anyway, I apologize for our brief interruption yesterday and I assure you... That today's will be even briefer. Roz, let's go to commercial. Kenny, Kenny, what's going on?
What?! How did that happen?
Oh, Kenny, I can't help feeling that this is all my fault.
Of course. Well, we have got to get Kenny's job back.
Well, we'll just round up all the talent, go down to Mr. Martin and demand that he re-hire Kenny.
It's not an ultimatum, Roz, we'll simply appeal to the man's sense of decency. You know Kenny went to bat for me, we owe him at least that.
Now together, I know that we can do this. The most important thing is to present a united front.
Well, what is the matter with you people?
Of what?
Alright, that's enough! Get out of the elevator all, of you. Because I'm ashamed of you, intimidated by a building. We're here for Kenny - the man who wants to start KACL daycare, Roz; the man who approved the extra airbrushing charges on your new publicity photos, Gil. And you Tooty, who was it that just doubled the story-time puppet budget?
Oh all right, Tooty!
Mr. Martin, hello.
Mr. Martin, my name is Dr. Frasier Crane and I'm here with some of the other talent from KACL - my producer, Roz Doyle; Gil Chesterton, food critic; Bob Briscoe, sports; Tooty Finegould, the story lady; Ray Schmit, the Greengrocer and Miss Judy, arts and crafts - I'm sorry, Judy, I don't know your last name.
This will only take a moment, Mr. Martin. This morning you fired Kenny Daly, a wonderful station manager and a man integrity. That is a very rare quality in this industry, I promise you. You fire all the Kenny Dalys, what are you left with? A bunch of sycophants and "yes" men. Am I right?
Now, it would be a great risk to hire Kenny back, but I'm here to tell you that the man who stops taking risks in life pays a very dear price indeed. I know whereof I speak. I can see that I'm getting through to you, so let me just leave you with one last question: what kind of radio station do you want?
Bravo!
You bet you are!
Exactly, action!
I beg your pardon?
What the hell just happened?
I love this picture! You look adorable in that!
Well, the camera doesn't lie, you know.
These really are the golden years for you, aren't they?
Now, now, Daphne there's no need to tell Niles everything we did that night.
Well, Niles, uh, what time is this little soiree of yours this evening?
Well, perhaps we should go finish up those costumes, eh, waif?
Yes, and a saucy little strumpet she is too!
After you, my juicy wench!
Go ahead, Ted.
Well, I hope Ted appreciates irony.
Hello, Bill.
Well, I see we're pretty much through our transition, aren't we, Bill?
Yes, well, let's just stick with Dorothy for the time being. How can I help you?
Perhaps we'd better take a moment to regroup. I'd like to apologize for the unusually high number of technical difficulties we've experienced today, and now we will go to these public service messages.
Explain yourself!
A little?
Roz, you come in here looking ghoulish even for Halloween, and you sleepwalk your way through my entire show!
"Sorry" just doesn't cut it, Roz! What possible explanation can there be for this level of unprofessionalism?!
Pregnant?
But, Roz, how—?
Yes, I suppose you've been dodging that bullet for a long time now.
Oh, of course not, Roz. But frankly, we don't know if we have anything to tell yet.
Then we'll deal with that when we have to. No use crossing that bridge till we come to it.
Well, you know Niles's party is tonight. That should serve as a distraction.
Oh, come on, Roz!
For me? It'll be fun! You know you want to.
And as what literary character will you be attending?
So, how's the party?
That's enough out of you, you wanton troll, or I'll smite your bawdy backside with the flat of me sinewy right hand!
Oh, Roz! Oh, I'm so glad you came! Any word from the doctor?
Well, I don't think discipline will be a problem.
Daphne, have you seen Roz?
She told you about it?
Oh, not now, Niles. Excuse us, we need a moment alone.
Oh, Daphne, really?
Oh...
I had no idea.
Really? I had no... really? Well, of course nothing's certain until we get the pregnancy test results.
Oh dear.
Absolutely not! Where could you get such an insane notion?
Shut up! Or I'll smite you with the back of me sinewy — oh, just get in here!
Oh, I feel so guilty. Roz swore me to secrecy. I never should have said anything.
Just promise me you won't tell a soul. We've got to keep this secret.
Oh, how could I have been so careless?
Yes, well, you know who'll get the blame if this ever gets out!
All right. We'd better get back to the party before people start wondering about us.
Oh, hello, Niles. What's your nose all bent out of shape about?
Well, there's a literary "figure" I'd like to know better.
What about?
Not now, Niles! Let me guess... Lady Godiva?
Well, now I know why they call it "The Good Book."
Niles, just because I gave her a ride doesn't mean I have to spend the whole evening with her!
And to think, all that time your cat was curled up in your sock drawer. They're almost human, aren't they?
Not now, Niles! I'm doing really well here. This pointy hat is a babe magnet!
Just keep your voice down! I'm sorry, will you excuse me?
Replace "tongue" with "liquor," and I'll believe you! You're drunk, Niles!
You do?
Who told you?
Daphne! That blabbermouth! I'll wring her neck!
Niles, you're getting awfully exercised about this.
Well, I suppose I could give her a raise!
Well, what do you want me to do, marry her? Let's look at something here, buddy, she's the one that got pregnant! Hello, Roz.
I didn't! Daphne told him, the damnable chatterbox!
Well... that would be me!
I'm sorry, Roz, but the way she spoke it sounded as if she already knew you were having a baby!
Well, I'm sorry, Roz, but he is the Master of Deduction! He would have figured it out anyway!
Well, I heard it from his own mouth!
I'm sorry, will you excuse me?
Haven't you ruined my evening enough already?!
I am talking about you and your blabbermouth! Niles told me you told him about the baby!
Oh, don't play innocent with me!
Oh well, I am dreadfully sorry for your condition, Daphne, but it's your own fault! You should have read the directions on the package before you used it!
Oh, all right! But I am not leaving here until I get Eve's phone number. So you can just sit down, have a drink, smoke a cigarette if you like! I'm sorry, I am very attracted to this young woman, and I am not going to let you and your little problem stand in my way!
Niles, get your big nose out of this! And lower your voice, you're embarrassing yourself!
What is so wrong about trying to get a woman's phone number?
From here, it smells like eighty proof!
Niles, before you make a complete ass of yourself—
Oh, for God's sake, you drunken imbecile! Daphne's not the one that's pregnant, Roz is!
What?
No! Listen, everybody, I am not the father of Roz's baby!
In fact, we don't even know for sure if there IS a baby!
Oh, Roz... how are you?
Look, I-I'm sorry about last night. I tried to apologize, but you ran out of the party so fast.
I tried to call.
Yes, I suppose a decision of that magnitude would take many sleepless—
-hours to make. Are you sure, Roz?
Well, then let me be the first to congratulate you!
Oh, Roz, oh God, that's so wonderful! You're gonna make a great mom!
So, have you told the father?
Is that a pertinent fact, or are you just trying to impress me with your mastery of time zones?
Oh. Well, when's he coming back?
And... I'm sure everyone around here will give you plenty of support.
Yes, of course. Just remember the baby's future, Roz. Try to make it look like an accident.
Yes, Niles. We'll be serving dinner just as soon as Roz gets here. I didn't think she should be alone this evening.
Oh, O.K., I guess, considering she's decided to have the baby by herself.
Luckily, she flies to Zurich twice a year to have it reset.
That's Roz! Just remember, she came here tonight to have a quiet little evening, not to be reminded of the difficult situation she's in. We'll just take our cue from her. If she doesn't bring it up, we won't discuss it! Agreed?
Daphne, you may answer the door.
Dinner's almost ready, make yourself comfortable.
Roz, can I get you a drink?
Yes, I have eight different kinds. Why don't you come into the kitchen and pick one?
You know, this morning you told me the father was an architect.
Ah. And, uh, how did you two meet again?
This morning you told me it was on a double-date.
This morning you told me nothing! What is going on, Roz, you're obviously hiding something. Niles, please, would you excuse us?
All right, what's going on? Is it that you don't know who the father is?
Well, then why don't you tell me?
Oh?
Look, Roz, I don't care who the father is. The man has a right to know that he's going to have a child.
Yes, well, it's certainly his business. You have an obligation to let this man know that you're having his baby! Niles, do you mind? It's impossible to have a conversation here with you constantly eavesdropping.
Oh Niles, I-I'm sorry—
Double latte, please.
Thank you.
Morning, Roz!
Oh, I realize it must be a shock to see me here in this place I come to every day of my life.
Well, I rescheduled it for tomorrow.
What's going on?
Really? Well, I'm proud of you!
All right, just wait one second. Excuse me, may I have that to go, please?
Thank you.
He's a nice kid, Rick.
Working here to put himself through school, right?
He's the father, isn't he?
The father of your child is a teenager!
He still has a right to know.
In my case, I would have been mystified.
Yes, something like that is never easy.
Then again, sometimes a natural opening does present itself.
Oh yes, of course. My dad is over there waving to me. Oh look — my dad's over there waving to me!
Dad, what are you doing here?
I think they call them "bras" now.
I don't see anything.
I don't see anything!
Well then, here, let me—
Listen, Dad, I've got to go talk to Roz, just go into the bathroom and wash it out with cold water.
Roz?
How'd he take it?
Are you gonna be all right?
Can I take you to dinner tonight?
O.K.
Yes, I noticed.
Unbelievable.
I'll talk to him again.
But I just got here!
I ran into Rick in the hall.
Well, that was very sweet of him.
Yeah, sure, thanks. With milk, please. Well, you've had quite a day, haven't you? You all right?
You know, it's O.K. to not be fine.
Yeah, sure.
Thanks, Roz. Oh, oh, this milk's expired.
It's O.K., I can drink the tea straight.
It's really all right, Roz.
Are we still talking about the milk?
Roz, if it helps, kids don't even drink milk for the first year.
I didn't know that either until I was a parent.
You never met Lilith, did you?
Just forget the milk, and forget the tea. Talk to me.
Yes, but it's also going to change in fantastic ways. I remember the first night I brought Frederick home from the hospital. You put this tiny thing into a tiny little bed, and you look around and you realize that the entire house has changed.
Well, yes. But it's all worth it. You get to share your life with a remarkable little creature... who only lives in the present, runs around naked without the slightest bit shame, and can entertain himself for hours just staring at a shiny object. Isn't that wonderful?
Well, technically, yes. Roz, I'm going to tell you something I didn't find out until I became a father. You don't just love your children... you fall in love with them.
But, Roz, you're not all by yourself. I'm here.
And I'll be available for you whenever you wish, from taking you out to dinner tonight, to that moment in the delivery room when you say, "Welcome to the world little Jimmy," or "little Sally," or... dare I hope "little Frasier?"
I guess I got a little carried away there.
Oh dear God!
I'll wait here!
Please.
Oh, Niles.
Don't take it to heart, Niles. This person just happened to remember me best, the next person might just as easily...
No, you can't. It's never a bother.
Oh, thank you.
Well, one does hear tales of a certain wise man in Tibet, but why split hairs? There you go.
Where was I?
Began driving on the wrong side of the road today, did we?
Ah, yes, that, he probably wants to discuss my one-thousandth radio broadcast that's coming up next week.
Yes, and if I know the station manager, he'll want to mark the occasion with some sort of gaudy celebration. Press parties and God knows what! No, I don't really kind of go in for that sort of self-congratulatory hoopla! The work is the thing for me!
Yeah, I suppose, who'd have thought?
All right, dad!
Morning, Roz. I got you one of those little muffins that you love.
Oh, I see those mood swings are leveled off nicely. I'll just run upstairs and have that little meeting with Greg in his office.
All right, let me have it! What kind of public circus am I in for? I suppose a garish outdoor rally like the one they gave for Bob and Nipsy over at KPLK!
They're not doing anything?
Well, well done, Roz. That's a relief. Although, I'm not sure I'm being fair to you. You see, I did hear that after that rally, Bob and Nipsy's ratings went up thirty percent. Their producer got a handsome raise.
And you with the little one coming...
Right. Can't be helped. Best to just leave it alone. Still... for the benefit of the station, what's good for KACL's good for all of us, isn't it?
You know, well, I suppose you could just give Greg a call and tell him I'd be willing, well for your sake and the station's, to submit to a small tasteful, low-key... public rally.
Well, it's official. My thousandth show is now an event!
Oh, well, nothing short of a media circus with you-know-who in the centre ring. They're planning a promotional blitzkrieg capped off by a public rally in my honour at the foot of the Space Needle!
Well, of course I'm flattered, I'm just a little bit embarrassed, dad. I'd have been content with a pat on the back and an ice cream cake. Oh, dad, they've asked if you might say a few words at the rally. You don't have to, if it makes you nervous.
I'm sure you're a veritable chiropractor at mirth but I think what they're looking for is something just a bit more personal.
Hello. All right, Roz. Roz, slow down. Oh, good Lord, the mayor! Well, has "Frasier" fever swept all the way to city hall?! Well, all right, Roz, I'll see you tomorrow.
Yes! And not just be there, he's going to present me with a key to the city, after which he's going to proclaim it "Frasier Crane Day" in Seattle!
Who can this be? The mechanic from the Vatican with my Pope- mobile?!
Niles.
"The American Journal of Psychiatry"?
"Dear Sirs, Dr. Egmond Sandeling's recent article on Trichotilimania contains several errors. He would do well to read the groundbreaking work on the subject published by, among others, Dr. Alan Corville, Dr. Milo Lordestein...
...Oh, Dr. Geraldine Fenley and Dr. Niles Crane!
And quite an accolade.
Off we go, then!
Oh, well, let's just wait for that Martini, shall we?
Very amusing.
I believe it's "seven snobs a' sniping." Well, you just snipe away. I take your jealousy as the compliment that it is.
Oh, thank you, Niles. You know, I'm just a touch skittish today. All this fuss over me. Say, is it possible to get these two to go?
Yes, well, I thought a walk might do us some good, get a little exercise, then maybe I can stroll away my jitters.
Oh, up late last night?
What a lovely day! I'm so glad we decided to walk. I feel calmer already.
Oh, I'm listening. I just hope Dad doesn't get too nervous about his speech today. I've been giving him little tips all week.
I did no such thing! I added a bon mot or two, tidied up the language, removed any questionable material.
Not a comma! I'm listening!
Oh, Niles, don't be so churlish. The man clearly waved to me first.
Yes he did!
I don't know why you're even objecting...
Oh, I love this place. Here you can feel the pulse of the city. You know what I think when I see all these people here rustling about.
No! I think that they're the reason I love this city.
Why, there's nothing wrong with being friendly.
Good Lord, Niles, get a grip. God's sakes, you become hysterical over the littlest things. Oh, my God! My suede shoes, you've spilled Latte all over them, they're ruined.
Well, I'll just have to replace them, I'll look foolish otherwise.
I'll have you know, I spent a bundle on these shoes. They're "Joan and Davids."
Shut up!
Well, these are quite handsome. Even though they are just a bit snug.
We weren't in there that long! My God, the rally's about to start. Give me your phone, I'll call Roz.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, I was involved in a small accident. I'm fine! Just start without me, we'll take a cab!
Right. Niles, wait. Too many fans that way, I'll be mobbed. We'll cut over one block through that alley!
Oh, for God's sake, Niles, will you come outta there?!
If he wanted us to time it exactly, he wouldn't have taken our watches!
I just can't believe I'm missing my own rally. Come on! These shoes are killing me, they're like the work of a skilled Chinese foot binder!
Niles, give me your phone, I'll have Roz send us a car!
Niles, a pay phone!
Niles, look.
Don't take it that serious!
I know! It's the first break we've had today. Niles, I'll distract him.
Good afternoon. So, sounding lovely.
Dear God, run!
I can't go on any longer. My feet are killing me.
Yes. Look! It's even farther away than it was before.
Let's go!
No, I think we're all right.
Yes, perhaps you might have cut a more dashing figure had you vaulted over the turnstile rather than crawling underneath it!
Yes, well, with any luck we'll still catch the last twenty minutes of the rally. But how I'll explain my lateness, I have no idea. I certainly can't tell them about the fish, the little girls. I'll have to make something up I suppose, any suggestions?
That's not very original.
Good Lord. Excuse me, what's happening?
What? But those people are waiting for me, they're so close.
But it is my day!
Don't panic? Yes, why should I have any reason to panic? My God, I'm only going to miss a celebration in my honour, I'm going to be a laughingstock forever. And why? Because you spilt coffee on my shoes!
Well, if you had the gripping abilities every species above the tree sloth was born with...
Are you calling me vain?
I don't even know why I'm yelling at you. I guess I'm just trying to blame you because I don't want to face the truth. I'm a big, fat phony. I wanted my day! I wanted hoopla and fuss, I practically planned the whole thing myself.
Yes. It says a lot about me as a psychiatrist, doesn't it? I'm a small man!
You were?
Next to me you're a giant!
I'd need a stepladder just to...
Thank you, Niles.
There it goes. Good bye, fuss. Good bye, day!
Stop it! Don't you dare get my hopes up! The ship has sailed, that fat lady has...
Oh, damn! I give up.
Thank you, Niles. Good, run.
Yes.
Are you serious? Niles! Niles, let's go!
Oh, he'll be all right. He's got street smarts!
The Space Needle, please.
That's the first good news I've had all day.
Oh?
Er, as a matter of fact, I am.
Maybe this isn't the best time to tell you this, but I'll have to owe you for this ride.
Oh, that's something at least.
Kids?
Why would you say that?
Well, it's a nice one.
And part of you doesn't?
Well, you know, sometimes difficult choices like these can be good things. They can teach us about who we are.
Oh, don't worry about me, I've got plenty of time. Tell me more about your kids.
I'm Frasier.
Well, Karl, I guess you've got two choices. Either you have the tattoo removed, or you travel the globe searching for another soul mate named Fredwina. We'll be right back after this.
Roz, you know my policy on commercial endorsements.
Roz, I'm a psychiatrist, not a huckster! There are still some of us in this profession who believe in— mahogany wainscoting?
Wow...
Well, it does sound awfully tempting, Roz, but I just don't think it's right to trade on one's good name for a free trip.
Gore Vidal? He hates everything!
Vicki? Who's Vicki?
Now, just hold on a minute, Roz, you didn't tell me this was a favor for a close friend.
No, Roz, obviously this woman means something to you. It's certainly an awkward position you've put me in.
All right, I'll go! But it's the last time I pull your chestnuts out of the fire!
Oh, hello, Daphne. Little late in the day, isn't it?
Like getting dressed?
Daphne, you know I am a therapist, if you'd like to talk about this sometime.
Nothing.
Dad!
You are dripping!
Venting these emotions is all well and good, Dad, but I just had these floors waxed!
Good point, Dad. Now, could you just step on that, please? Oh God, he's wet too!
No, no! Damn him! Daphne, help me get this canine sprinkler out of here!
I sincerely doubt that!
Oh, Niles.
Oh, really? I thought you were preparing an anniversary dinner for Maris.
Oh, Niles, I'm so sorry.
Take heart, Niles, I know how frustrating it can be when someone puts their own selfishness ahead of your personal needs.
You know, Dad, there's a recipe in this book for a hot toddy. It calls for courvoisier, chamomile tea, and a dash of framboise!
Make yourself comfortable.
Poor Niles. You know, Dad, maybe I should—
I didn't realize I'd gotten as predictable as all that.
Stop right there. I know exactly what you're going to say. You're going to say I should mind my own business and keep my big bazoo shut!
Well, I just think that when two people are having problems, their emotions can get the better of them. A third party can provide some perspective.
Well, that's a very healthy approach, Niles. What are your plans?
Well, actually, Dad, I've agreed to give a lecture on a cruise that's going to Alaska... but I don't see any reason why you two shouldn't join me, why don't you?
Oh, come on, Niles, it'll help get your mind off your troubles.
As you wish. Well, Dad, I guess it'll be just you and me then.
Fourteenth.
I'd hardly call it a "stateroom." Wouldn't even call it a room, but I don't know the nautical term for "broom closet with sconces." How's yours?
You have a porthole?!
You have a shower?! All I have is a nozzle and a floor drain, it took me an hour before I put those two things together!
Yes, Dad. And before you say anything, I had no idea what Spartan conditions we were in for.
Well, you know, I guess I won't be spending that much time in my cabin anyway. I'll be hobnobbing with my fellow celebrities.
Lord, I don't know if I really care for the word "star," considering the caliber of the other people on board.
Dear God! You've booked me on a floating Gong Show! What happened to Zubin Mehta and Gore Vidal?
Well, of course I got top billing! I'm the only one up there I've ever heard of!
"Latin Singing Sensation Carlos 'the Barracuda' DelGato?"
No!
Niles, why is that woman staring at you?
How thrilling! A fellow headliner on the U.S.S. Has-Been!
Come on, Roz, let's go over my notes for my lecture.
Ah, hello. It's a pleasure to meet you. Oh, this is Roz Doyle.
Oh yes, Roz, say something amusing in Esperanto!
Niles, Niles, what happened? Was that Maris I saw running out of here?
Roz, the woman has virtually no pigmentation! Three minutes in the sun, she'd sear like an Ahi tuna!
Niles, I'm sorry. This may be partly my fault. You see, I called Maris, told her how upset you were, and said it might be fun if she could join us on the cruise.
Well, I thought it would be a nice surprise!
It's hard to concentrate. I'm so concerned about Niles.
Thank you. I can't take all the credit, actually. I had a patty melt with Giggles before his show.
Oh, Niles. I can't tell you again how sorry I am for meddling. How did it go with Maris?
Niles, what are you implying?
Niles, don't jump to conclusions, that's exactly what Maris did.
Is there anything I can do?
Oh, I feel so guilty about this. When will I learn to stop interfering in other peoples' affairs? I'd better go talk to Maris, see if I can fix this.
I don't see what business that is of yours!
Oh, no! Oh, no! If he finds out, I'll never hear the end of it!
He's out on a walk... oh, I may as well tell you everything! Maris is on board. She and Niles had a horrible fight, and their marriage is in worse shape than it's ever been before, and no need to tell you how she got here in the first place!
Oh, Dad, don't be too hard on yourself.
Oh, all right! I invited Maris too.
Oh, you're one to talk!
Nothing! Nothing at all! Just let them work things out themselves, and stay on the sidelines where we belong.
But Dad, my lecture's in fifteen minutes.
Right. First, I'm going to go talk to Maris.
Forget what I said! You're coming too!
You can vouch for Niles's innocence.
Well, I haven't seen her most recent one, so this'll be a new experience for both of us.
All right, now let me do all the talking—oh, and if it looks like she has an orange Abyssinian on her head—don't stare. That's a wiglet.
Damn! She must not be here! Roz, what are you doing, you can't go in there!
You can't just barge into someone else's— My God, is that a grand piano?!
The Barracuda's calling card! That means that he's chosen Maris to be his...
Because it's impossible to extol the virtues of trust to someone whose room you've just broken into!
Oh, dear God! The shower is bigger than my entire cabin!
We came to talk to Maris! What are you doing here?!
Well, then why did you come in the bathroom?!
Oh, all right, fine.
Oh, God.
Look closer. Is the hat rack moving?
That's good.
Oh, that's bad.
Oh, oh, that's bad. On so many levels.
She's gone!
I have no idea. All I know is that I have got to be downstairs in the next ten minutes, or two hundred people are going to be sorely disappointed!
They told me that was the room capacity! Oh! Oh, come on! Giggles had to add a show!
A horny society boozer, and the Mrs. O'Leary's Cow of our current predicament!
A woman in Chicago who — oh, I don't have the time! The point is, we have got to stop this before Maris does something that is going to damage her relationship forever.
Oh, all right. Seems I'm the only one who cares about this relationship. I will go and do it.
We came to convince Maris that there was nothing going on between you and Mimi! What are you doing here?!
No, Maris did.
A balcony?!
For you.
A little token of thanks after you cut those new promos, Dr. Frank on KTLK practically vanished from the radio. I know I'm not very good at picking up gifts for people usually, but when I saw this in the window, I knew it was perfect for you.
Still, maybe I should have gone with the shawl.
Oh, Roz, it's the pregnancy. A soup of hormones churns through your body and naturally your emotions are rising and falling at the slightest provocation.
All right, all right, is there something else going on?
Oh, right, your date.
You didn't tell him you were pregnant before the date?
Your glow! Please, Roz, do you really think that... ...anyone could miss your glow?!
Well, maybe he was telling the truth.
Roz, oh, God, Roz, Roz, look, I owe you an apology, Roz. It's not the hormones, you're embarking on a tremendous life- changing journey, now, naturally, anybody would be emotional. For what it's worth, I think you're handling it beautifully.
Well, let's not discount the hormones all together.
If you hold her down, I can do the rest.
Thank you, that was very impressive.
Ah, I'm Frasier Crane.
Yes, I am.
You know, I get that a lot. Sam, listen, may I thank you for taking me to dinner tonight?
Oh, no, thank you.
Goodbye.
Oh, Sam...
Well, that's wonderful.
Actually, I was going to ask you to get my parking validated, but this works out very well too.
Just watchin' football with you. What's the score?
Oh, thanks.
Not particularly, no.
As a matter of fact, I do. What tipped you off? My incredible self-confident air?
Niles.
Well, actually, I can't make it to the boat show with you and dad, this evening it will just be the two of you.
Yes, it's been rather windy lately.
Yes, I believe it is.
Niles! I have a date with a spectacular woman!
Daphne. Would you be interested in using my ticket to the boat show tonight?
You know, the name is Samantha Pierce, we just met yesterday. She recognised me from my radio show, you know what, in fact, when I asked her out, I sensed a bit shyness which made me wonder if she was perhaps intimidated by my fame.
Yeah, dad.
Right, how would you know that?
Gee, you know, I thought her name sounded familiar. I must have read it in the newspaper.
Well, aren't I lucky?! Normally a forest troll like me has to trick a woman to get a date!
So there, you see, it does happen.
Wait, wait, I think I've heard this joke.
Well, don't I feel silly.
So, how's your appetiser?
It's very good. Well, I haven't even tried it yet. Ah, yes, I was right.
Look, I think I know where this is headed. You don't have to say.
Well, that, you did have to say.
Well, I'm flattered and the thought is very tempting, but you see on my show, I'm constantly preaching that people should get to know one another, have things in common, before taking that kind of step. What's your favourite colour?
Mine too. Check, please!
Oh, a-hoy there mateys. How was the boat show?
Good Lord, Niles, why did you ever agree to go on a ride like that?
Well...
Oh, not at all, not at all. Sam, this is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane, my father, Martin Crane and his health care worker, Daphne Moon.
Right.
I had a wonderful evening.
Well, I'm off to bed.
Thank you, Niles, but I am not some dewey-eyed teenager. She did say the cutest things... that murderers often show no remorse for their action because they have no moral center.
It was cute the way she said it.
All right, now, I want you to taste this, tell me what you think.
That's just a little something I picked up as a child at sauce camp.
You wanna skip dinner again and go straight to sex?
It's all right. You know fine French cooking, it's always better after a night in the fridge.
No, no, no, stay, stay.
Niles has always been able to identify a sauce from a great distance.
That's what you said yesterday, but you forgot.
Yes, let me tell you something, Crown Roast does not prepare itself! You know, it's funny, as much as I care for this woman, there's something about this relationship that leaves me vaguely unsettled.
What on God's earth are you talking about?
Oh, fine, look, as much fun it must be to spin out this little theory, it's entirely without foundation.
Dear God, there's my Rosemary Bread!
I did not get a booty call! What's a booty call?
Oh, God, I did get a booty call.
Well, I can see I'm wasting my time fighting you people. You can take the tiniest detail from my relationship with Sam and twist it to support your ridiculous theory.
Oh, Sam, they're beautiful.
Oh, I suppose, now, you're going to read something into this!
Oh, as well you should, you sent it to me.
You had your secretary pick it up, didn't you?
Oh, Sam, Sam, could I have a word with you in private.
Well, now's the not best time to bring this up, but, please, I'm feeling an uneasiness about this relationship.
Well, er, look, I'm not one to get bogged down in male/female role playing, it's just that lately, well... Take our first date, we'd barely begun dinner when you suggested that we run off and go to bed together, well, traditionally that is... well, every man's dream, okay, bad example! But then, the way that you cancel dates all the time and say you'll call and you don't call, and then you have your secretary send me a gift and then when I get upset about it, you think you can buy we off with flowers.
Well, I think whining's a little strong.
No, no, it's....
Look, I'm just telling you how I feel and now you're yelling at me!
No. That's not what I want. I just wish that we could have a relationship where neither one of us is the man.
Well, they're very in now.
And I'll try to stop being so damn emotional.
What?
Oh, well, we certainly dodged the bullet, there didn't we? What was it?
And you bought this for me?
Cartier?
Well, you know, maybe I've been just a bit self-absorbed lately and if you're really the kind of person who likes to express their affections by buying gifts then who am I to stand in your way? All right, it's lovely.
Well...
Is this what you're trying to say?
No, no, I will get out coats.
Oh, all right, you get them.
Hello, Niles.
Oh, God, it was fabulous. We stayed at this gorgeous cabin just outside Aspen, we took a chopper every morning to the top of the mountain, God, I just didn't want it to end.
Oh, well, in Aspen they all wear them indoors. Oh, God, the funniest thing happened in the lodge last night. Jack Nicholson and Tom Brokaw discovered they were wearing exactly the same jacket. So they staged a mock fight. Suddenly, Donna Karen flew between them pretending to referee, I laughed so hard I nearly spilled my toddy on someone named Puff Daddy.
Oh, by the way, Niles. Do we have plans for tonight?
Well, I'm afraid I have to cancel. It's my one month anniversary with Sam, I'd like to take her to L'escalias for dinner.
Oh, speaking of Meg. Meg Ryan told me the most delightful story about practical joke Tony Hopkins played on Jodie at the ramp party for the "Lambs".
Oh, gosh, no, no, that's all right. I took the liberty ordering us the "Taste Of Monaco" dinner.
As I recall, that's what you ordered on our first date. Course, it wasn't food that you were craving that night. You whisked me away back to my place before the crab cakes could even arrive. You know, there's no better way to celebrate an anniversary than with a historical re-enactment. I've got my costume on underneath!
Oh, great, well, yes, yes, I suppose we should try the food here once. Well, be sure to leave some room, you're bound to find a little Frasier-mint on your pillow when we get home! By the way, thanks again for this weekend.
You know, it's funny, I think it was a real turning point for us... well, for me. You see, I was so relaxed! At the beginning of relationships usually I-I'm very tentative. I just have this dark fear that I'm about to be cut loose.
Oh, I know, I know. I'm just being so insecure, it's nice to know that I'm on solid ground.
I'm standing on quicksand, aren't I?
Oh my God!
But things were going so well. What happened?
Oh, well, I'm sorry too.
Oh, yes, I'd like that too. Well, you know, seeing as we're friends and all, I suppose there's no reason we shouldn't stay and enjoy what's sure to be a splendid meal.
Great.
Ah, thank you. Tell me, how many more courses are there?
Could you bring those all at once?
Oh, hello all.
Yes, well, I thought like taking a walk. I've got a lot on my mind, I picked up some pastry.
We broke up last night!
Oh, it's all right. It was a mutual decision. Well, a little more mutual on her part than mine. Once she dumped me, I jumped right on board. Anyway, I'll be fine, dad.
Exactly. But I must admit, I'm having a little difficulty achieving closure. See, Sam said that her feelings changed for no reason! Can't help it might have been something specific about me!
That's exactly what she said!
Yeah, I know dad. It's gonna just drive me crazy. You know, until I know why it ended, I'll just assume it was any number of things about me. My self confidence will be shattered.
You're right, dad, that's exactly what I should do. Thank you.
You know, sometimes you're very insightful.
Right after my waffles.
Sam, Sam, what are the chances?! You've found my thinking place!
Well, we can walk and talk.
Look, you know, I'm loving this new arrangement of ours, I think we being friends thing is going to work out great.
Right. So, how've you been?
So you did, and now that you bring up last night... God, you do walk fast... Er, I'm looking for a little clarification.
Yes, but it seems highly unlikely that such a sudden change could have nothing to do with me. I mean, maybe it is something that I did unintentionally. I'm sorry, my fault. You know, something this weekend, maybe? I know I played the piano in the lounge a little too long but who knew General Schwartzkopf was so crazy for show tunes!
All right.
Take care.
Oh...
That's just it. I don't know!
Hello all. Oh, Niles, what a pleasant surprise.
Oh, that's right, dinner, I completely forgot. I took a long walk after work, I'm sorry, Niles. It must have completely slipped my mind.
I was just trying to figure out what happened.
But there's got to be a reason!
I am not fixated! That is fixated! Dad, what the hell are you doing?
Oh, hello.
Oh, yes, that's right, I forgot you two had plans. Come on in, Roz. You know, I was wondering...
It never hurts to ask. Miss. Judy had some real insights before she had to make her popsicle stick run.
Oh, wait, wait, everybody, before you scatter. I'd like to ask an enormous favour. In the spirit of, well, self- improvement. I'd like you to tell me in your own words just what exactly about me you find unloveable.
Wait! Wait, my God, it's really for the sake of our future relationships. I mean, it just, I know that you're afraid to hurt my feelings but I can stand a little constructive criticism. Now, come on, please, what do you think are my main faults?
Okay. Dad thinks I am over analytical. That's great, we've got the ball rolling, okay, who's next? Niles?
Niles, I don't care how you feel about it, you're going to participate!
Well, yes, if that's what it takes to... Oh, thank you. All right, Daphne, it's your turn, don't be shy.
Fuss budget! Well, listen, if you don't mind the substitution, I think maybe "demanding" is more the mot juste.
Right, you see, this is very good. Roz, you must have something?
Great. Okay, pompous.
A tad loquacious.
Dad, I all ready wrote that down.
Oh, how nice we've finally found an activity we all enjoy together!
Oh, now, Roz, that's proposterous.
Well, all right, maybe there is some truth in what you say, I mean, after all, Sam is really quite a catch, why wouldn't I want to get her back?
Well, I don't see anything wrong with keeping the lines communication open.
Well, maybe I left a carefully worded message.
Well, I didn't have any choice, she wouldn't return any my pagers! Oh God, I've blown it haven't I?
Well, nothing undignified. Of course, tone of voice is everything, isn't it? You know, maybe I should just play them for you.
Yes, luckily I set it up with her. I gave her an access code that would be easy to remember - my birthday.
I wouldn't know, dad, my birthday's in March!
Okay, okay, here we go. All right, now, listen and tell me if you think I sound desperate.
Hello, Sam, it's Frasier. Give me a call, if you get a chance. Bye.
Hi, Sam, I forgot to mention I'll be at the office. Call me. It's Frasier.
Hi, I'm at the office now.
Still at the office.
I stepped out to the coffee machine. Thought I might have missed you.
You know, they just get worse after that.
Yes. Not anymore though. There, messages erased.
Oh, my God, you're right. That did sound important.
Well, I guess I could just call back and leave a message saying that I inadvertantly erased the message of hers while I was erasing a bunch of other messages that I left earlier.
Right! Oh, God, this is humiliating.
It's hard to believe this picture was taken only three days ago. Look at us. How happy I was. Now, I'll never see her again.
No, I was talking about me and Lesley Stahl.
What are you getting at?
Oh, don't be ridiculous, I haven't felt this way for ages.
Well, I don't know about love. We've only been seeing each other for a month.
Possibly.
Yes, yes, perhaps.
Oh, all right, so I don't rhapsodise about her.
What are you suggesting? That I'm so shallow I was with her mainly for her connections?
Hey, it's only a moped if you pedal it and I never pedaled!
I must admit things never did seem quite right between us. God, if it hadn't been for her friends, I probably would have broken it off myself. Oh, God, shame on me.
Let's.
All though, I've still got to phone her about that message.
Even better! God, Niles, I can't tell you helpful this has been. Really, how can I ever repay you?
No, that's just a decoy. It's through the dry cleaner's next door.
Hello, Sam.
I know you didn't expect to see me tonight.
Oh God, you heard them?
No, no, we don't. I promise you I will never call you again. I've thought about this and believe me you made the right decision.
Excuse me?
Oh, listen, Sam...
I'm not so sure that... Sir Alec Guiness?
I don't know... Stephen Sondheim?
No, please don't tell me, please.
Sam, I can't see you anymore.
I think you're an incredible woman but I've come to a realisation about us, well about me, and I just don't see any future for us. I know it sounds strange after the way I was pursuing you but I... I've been in it for all the wrong reasons.
Well, I'm not very proud of this, but maybe I was a little dazzled by the circle you travel in.
It's not as though I wasn't fond of you as well.
But I understand that you're upset and I'm just gonna go.
I know it's shallow and it's something I'm going to have to work on.
Lesley, hello. Dr. Frasier Crane, we met this weekend.
Don't worry, we're just having a little bit of a spat. But, of course, I don't need to tell you, being the ace reporter that you are.
Right, right, okay. Listen, if you're in town for a while, maybe we can have lunch?
What is the matter with me?!
Lesley.
Yes. Come December 26th, it's all just a memory. With nothing but your light decorating touch to remind us.
That's enough eggnog, Niles!
That's strange! He did exactly the same thing with me yesterday when I was walking him.
Yes, if he gets any weirder, we'll have to send "Eddie" to a home.
Well, I'm off, I've got all my Christmas shopping to do yet.
Yes, well, I'm determined not to settle this year. I want my gifts to be remembered and cherished long after the holidays.
If you want that "Highway Patrol Bloopers" tape, you're gonna have to buy it yourself! Oh, Dad! You're not going to drink that that way, are you?
My Goodness, the first mistake in eggnog preparation is failing to garnish it properly with a dash of nutmeg. There we are.
Of course, the second mistake is placing the paprika next to the nutmeg on the spice shelf.
We're fine, Daphne! You all right, Dad?
Well sure, what is it?
I guess the family that bathes together prays together.
Dad, is there a point to this story looming somewhere on the horizon?
Oh well, maybe you just need a little rehearsal. Why don't we work on it tonight?
Sure! You're a good singer, you're just a little rusty. Start around eight?
We'll start around seven, then. Niles, hold the elevator!
Well, of course Dad, it's a classic. My God, it all builds up to that one glorious note. "Oh night, de-viiiine, oh..."
Fine.
Just ignore him, Dad. I tell you what, there is another vocal exercise I remember, it was very useful to me when I was singing Colonel Fairfax in "Yeoman Of The Guard." The principal is to distract yourself with a physical exercise, thus freeing the voice. You hit one note and you slide up the octave as you descend slowly into a crouched position. Observe.
You see? It works.
Try it, Dad.
No, I think Niles may be right, Dad. You just need some positive reinforcement. Let's try it again. This time, try to eliminate any negative thoughts. Let's go again, Niles, "Fall on your knees."
I hear sweet music!
Something's divine!
A star is born!
Bring it home now!
Let me freshen your drink, Niles!
That's strange! He did exactly the same thing yesterday when I was walking him.
We're... fine, Daphne.
Oh, hold the elevator, Niles! See you soon, Daphne.
And, uh, Dad? Listen, don't worry. We'll... Niles and I will... be there for you.
Well, brown suede seems to leaching it out nicely! Anyway, no Christmas is complete without a bit tumult. But now we can all relax and enjoy a lovely holiday evening together.
Oh, not to worry, Dad. Come tomorrow, it'll all be a memory.
Oh, come on, Roz. It's just an hour out of your life! Besides, I think you're gonna make an adorable Mrs. Claus.
Hello? Why, yes, Mrs. Doyle, yes, she is. Just a moment. It's your mom, they forwarded her from the office.
Oh, wait, wait, let me say "Merry Christmas!"
Mrs. Doyle! Yes, Frasier again. Hi, happy holidays! Uh, listen, just a word to the wise: Roz has put on quite a few pregnancy pounds of late, and she's really sensitive about it. So, you know, I would just say be careful what you say to her, alright? Bye- bye, yes, we'll see you soon, bye!
Oh, God! I still have all of mine to get. You know, no matter how hard I try, I just can't seem to find anything that seems quite right this year!
You mean you haven't told her yet?
Right. Hello? Yes, I had a feeling you might call back!
Oh, Roz! There you are, I was beginning to worry about you.
Oh!
Well, Roz, if you'd like, I could tell her for you.
Well, it's entirely possible she already knows.
OK! Ho-ho-ho, who's first?
No, little girl, Mrs. Claus just wants to kiss me.
Roz, you tell your mother everything, how was I supposed to know?!
Ho-ho-ho.
Can't we talk about this later?
Roz, will you just try to stay calm?
Mrs. Claus was up very late last night.
Roz, don't go! Come on, look, I'm sorry about what happened, but it was a mistake, you can't stay mad at me.
Well, we can talk about that. Come on in. Please, come in? Look, how would it look if I turned a pregnant lady away on Christmas Eve when there's so much room here at the inn?
Niles, Daphne, Roz is here!
Oh, come on, people! Let's liven things up a little, it's Christmas Eve! What are the Cranes known for if not their legendary holiday spirit?
Dad, what happened?
Now come on everybody, let's not say something we're going to regret!
ALL RIGHT! THAT IS ENOUGH! This is the night we celebrate peace and togetherness! I will not have that ruined! I intend to put us all in the right frame of mind, by giving you all my gift. As you know, I was determined to make my gifts this year a little more meaningful. And after a great deal of effort I believe I have. My gift does not come from some fancy store, all wrapped in glittery paper, my gift comes from my heart. Tonight, I intend to sit each one of you down, and tell you in my own words, exactly how much you mean to me.
Or, I could get someone over to give us all massages.
Before we begin, I'd like to say how honoured I am to be taking over this slot. Obviously, I have some rather big shoes to fill - my predecessor here was much beloved. But I have never been one to shrink from a challenge and I'm sure we'll enjoy many happy years here together in my new home. Now, today on "Medical Minute"...
Oh, good morning, Dad.
Yes, I'm sorry about that. You know I woke up this morning thinking about that operetta I've been writing. You know, the one about Robert and Elizabeth Browning. I think, well, I had to get right to it.
Well, you know, I'm pretty sure I've solved the problem.
But you know, I'd have to hear it to be sure.
Oh come on, Dad, it'll only take a minute, I just want to do this one section.
Come on. All right, we'll take it right here.
What is it that you feel...
That fear which you conceal...
That powers that you heal...
Reveeeall. Take me in your arms...
Well, I'll just have to sing it with Niles later.
Dad, be careful with those sketches.
Yes well, you know I've been telling you that I'm redecorating the apartment, I thought why not just design my own furniture?
Yes well, any minute now that phone will ring with another job offer, and this blessed little hiatus will be over. I want to have achieved as many of my life's ambitions as possible. Gee, frankly Dad, you should take up a project or two.
Really?
I like it so far.
Now all we have to do is teach Eddie to say "It's all over."
Yes, it's research I'm doing for a novel I'm planning. Gee Daphne, I was beginning to wonder what was taking you so long.
Oh, look at that. The only book I really wanted was on the shelf already. You'll have to take these back down.
Oh my God, that's my duck! Thank you, Daphne. When you're done with that, I need you to run some errands for me. I need a very sturdy lemon-zester, some more music paper, some potting soil and an easel.
I've done it! Pierre's most difficult dish done to tangy perfection! You know, sometimes I think I missed my calling by not becoming a gourmet chef.
Hello, Niles.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry, I'm going to have to cancel - I've been cooking all morning.
Well, actually I'm holding a little picnic for the KACL employees and their families. As you may recall I did get them all fired. So I was just hoping to make amends by serving up a little duck a l'orange and an al fresco !
Hello? Ah, yes, Bebe. Yes, yes. Oh yes, the television job. Oh, what a relief. Thank you, bye-bye.
No, thank goodness. That job starts tomorrow - I have got things to do.
Sorry? My God, you sound just like Dad. I am going to get another job. The people of this city need me. I am a beloved Seattle institution.
Sounds like some sort of Malaysian Happy Meal.
That's quite all right. I understand you need to flex your critical muscles while you're between jobs.
Oh, well hi, Kenny
Work?
Well, that is quite a keepsake..
You know, I'm sorry, I don't recall.
Roz...
Roz, I've told you: We have nothing to worry about. Come on...
Everyone, if I could have your attention, please? We have of course planned some activities for today's little get- together, and I'd like to start with one for the children.
Now what we have here is an authentic Mexican piñata. The object is to take the stick, and give it a little whack.
Oh well, good for you, Gil. Yes, you're going to want to give this little fellow a good crack. Otherwise...
You know, maybe I ought to get this started for you. Otherwise the candy will never come out.
Everybody knows that keeping something locked up inside is never good for anyone, is it?!
Hello? Yes, Bebe. We did hear the news, and how thrilling for Gil. Could you hold, please?
Oh, you're just in time, I'm throwing a party for my fan club.
Very amusing, Niles. You see, I've been doing a lot of soul-searching lately, and last night... I did something which I haven't done since I was a very little boy. I got down on my knees on the bedside, and I prayed for guidance.
And I asked God, "What can I do to get my old life back?" And the answer came, "take better care of your fans."
Yes. I have taken my public for granted. I take weeks before I answer my fan mail, if I answer it at all. I've been a bad celebrity. Well, no more!
Well, they meet on the internet, and I visited their website yesterday for the first time. Bad celebrity! But I invited them all here, and you know what? They were so grateful that before long, I mean, my God, suddenly they were proposing that they hold a massive rally in my honor, demanding that I return to the airwaves. You know, I think that it's safe to say that someone is already working in mysterious ways.
No, no, no, you just keep them away from me. It won't be long before I'm back in the public eye, and I've got to remain tight and trim.
Oh, Daphne.
Thank you.
Oh, good Lord, our first arrivals. God, I've got to check the food. Daphne, will you run to the store for me? I need some felt-tip pens to sign these pictures with. Do you mind?
Come in, come in. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
Doris...
Aaron... Oh, it's such a pleasure to meet you. You know, perhaps I should introduce these people to you.
Oh don't be shy, come in, come in.
I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, it's a pleasure to meet you.
You know, perhaps you'd like to fill out these name tags while we are waiting for everyone else to come.
Well, the rest of the fan club.
You know, perhaps you should all help yourself to some food. Um, Niles, may I have a word with you, please?
Niles!
I can't let them do this rally. Three kooks marching round in a circle, you know what that'll do?
Make me a laughingstock - I'll never work in this town again. I mean, I've got to stop them.
Stop it! [Knocks Niles on the arm
How's everyone out here?
Really, Dad? Oh, I'm glad you brought that up.
Cameramen?
Excuse me, what have you got there?
Yes please, bring me some spring rolls.
Forget the spring rolls, bring me the freakin' turkey!
Yeah, Dad?
Yeah, sure. Gee, sounds kind of serious.
Yeah, what is it? Oh Roz, I didn't hear you come in.
Depressed?
Well, gee, maybe I've gained a pound or two, but it's nothing I can't handle.
Absolutely.
Yes.
What about it?
Well, baby Alice, I think it's meal time. Let's see what's on tonight's menu. Ah yes, strained beef and lima beans.
Oh all right, point taken. So I've put on a pound or two- but the camera adds ten!
Come on, yes, now, its very good. Here, I'll show you. Um, oh my. Alright, here, now it's your turn.
No, still? You know, that's not even a proper spoonful. Let's get you a full one.
That's a nice big one. You know what, let's try something else. Oh, some pureed chicken and yams. Come on now, open up. Open up! Now well, if you're not hungry, you're not hungry. My, well. They taste pretty good together. Let's try that.
Tell you what, what's that you have in your baby cup there? Is that apple juice?
Oh all right, enough! Turn it off.
Well, I guess maybe you're right, I am depressed. What of it?
Stage of what?
Well, I thank you all very much for your concern, but you know what, if I was repressing anything...
I would certainly know it. The only thing that I need to let out is these so-called one-size-fits-all lounge pants.
If anyone's hungry, there's a freshly made Monte Cristo in the waffle press.
Yes.
I am quite sure.
No career, no relationship, no hope.
I was talking about you!
Oh, stop it, stop it all of you. There is no hope. It's over. Over.
Oh dad, you're just saying that!
Well, it's easy once you hit rock bottom... and bounce! Thank you, Niles. I couldn't have done it without you.
And?
Oh, no, no, not this year. We're doing it my way. That's why I'm ordering a tasteful tree here. They'll even deliver it on Christmas Eve, fully decorated.
Oh no, Frederick won't be joining me this year. He's spending his vacation on an archaeological tour with Lilith.
I thought I told you, she's taking him on an archaeological tour. Oh good lord, look how late it's gotten!
Oh, no, no, it's a Menorah, Roz. I thought I'd get one for Frederick for Hanukah.
Yes, between the Crane boy genes and Lilith's contribution, I'm not sure the NFL is holding its breath.
Oh, what are you getting him?
Excuse me, I'd like to get a gift for that woman I was with. Er, how about this sweater right here?
I'm not sure of the size, though, could you find me this in a medium? Thank you.
Roz!
No! No, no, he's talking...
Oh, Roz, it looks like "Notions" has thinned out.
Well, I think we can be sure he doesn't own a pair!
Gosh, thank you so much for bailing me out that way.
Helen, Frasier.
Yes.
Well, that's very kind.
Oh, she's not my wife.
It's all right.
No, I don't have a girlfriend, actually. I'm unattached.
Oh, what is it?
No, no, please.
No, no. After the way you came to my rescue, I would be delighted to help you in any way I can. What is it you're looking to get for your daughter?
Well, I certainly walked into that one, didn't I?
All right, now as soon as this woman gets here give me five minutes and then call me on my cell phone. If I am miserable I will simply say it's an emergency and excuse myself.
Oh, you've done them?
Faye? Yes, hello! How did you know it was me?
Oh, no, please, please, shall we?
No, please, please, why don't you sit down?
So, your mother tells me that you're a lawyer.
Really?
My God, it's one of my favorites! I had dinner there last Friday night.
The Grand Marquis Soufflé.
Oh, it was poetry on a plate.
Oh, you know, suddenly I'm glad that your mother is as pushy as she is. It's funny, though, you're nothing like her.
Of course I love Boston but well, there's no place like home.
Excuse me. Yes, hello? Uh, yes but you know what, I'll just have to sign those papers later, thank you. Office work.
No! What are you talking about?
Oh, gosh, you are sharp, aren't you? How did you know?
Well, that would be just lovely. All right, I'll see you soon. Well, isn't that nice? Faye's dropping by.
Yes, I have. You know, she really is quite wonderful.
Yes, she is. They're both popping by on the way to the airport. I guess someone wanted to rack up a few more frequent Frasier miles.
Oh, no, no.
Jacob Marley? They're doing "A Christmas Carol" too?
Dad! Please, I thought we had an agreement about the decorations.
He is not even one of the original reindeer!
Look, I'm not having this discussion again!
Oh, Faye. Hi, good to see you. Here, let me take your coat. Where's Helen?
We'll just leave that ajar for her then.
What?
Yes, so?
No, no, why do you ask?
Yes, for my son. My ex-wife is Jewish.
Is there a problem?
You know what, I can just take this down.
How many stopovers do you have?
I'll take it down.
Oh, it's no problem.
It's all right, really, it probably won't even come up.
Hello, there she is!
Helen, hi.
Thank you very much.
GET OUT!
-of that coat already!
Yes, as a matter of fact I did.
Oh, yes.
Oh yes, yes of course. What a proud day that was. I can still remember reading from the Torah before the... the Rabbi... and the Cantor... and the Mohel.
Yes.
Yes, yes, I just wanted to show him that there were no hard feelings. Niles!
The Moskowitz family that lived down the hall? They moved! You know, Niles, why don't you come and help me in the kitchen? I'm just about to pour everybody a drink.
Faye's mother thinks that we're Jewish, just play along.
Well, it's important to Faye, Faye is important to me. Do you think you can pull it off?
Niles! Please. We've got to find a time to tell Dad about this too.
Stop it!
Yes.
Gosh, I'm afraid I don't have any of that on hand.
It's dreadful!
Here we are.
Take it down a notch, Tevye.
Niles, why don't you see if you can go help Dad in the kitchen?
Niles!
Well, you know, it's been great spending some time with the two of you, I wish you could stay longer.
Well, isn't that good news?
And I would love to give you a taste, except it isn't done yet.
Well, more good news!
I don't know how much longer we can continue this charade. My God, when Dad started talking about working on his own car I thought we were goners!
Really?
Okay.
Well, I don't know what it is with that brisket, it just won't cook through.
Gosh, I wish you could stay longer, it's just I'd hate to have you late for your plane.
On the other hand, I can't leave until you've seen the apartment, all right?
Let's start with the bedroom. There's plenty of time.
Oh, Dad, could you see who it is and make sure they come back later?
Oh, thank you, thank you very much.
Jesus!
I'll tell you what, I just realized you haven't seen the beautiful balcony. Dad, would you do the honors and I'll check on the brisket?
What is going on?
Yes, yes, it's dripping with irony! Niles, what are you doing here?
I am terribly sorry to tell you this, but you've got to get the hell out of here.
Oh, just shut up!
Would you believe it, it's still pink in the middle. By the time my brisket's done my kugel will be dry as the Sinai.
Yes, you know, you're quite right. We can continue the tour at another time. Let me walk you to the door.
Oh yes, allow me.
Helen, I am so terribly sorry.
You know, maybe we should just give you your privacy...
Maybe we should just...
That's all right, that's all right. Call me when you get back.
Good night.
It certainly was. You know, we've had a couple of squabbles today, but nothing like that.
Well, maybe I should get that Christmas tree out of the bathroom.
You know, I suppose that's the healthiest way to go about it, huh, Dad?
No, if you sit on it, you'll just get madder and madder.
Exactly.
What, this again?
Dad, we had an agreement about the Christmas decorations this year.
You know, would it kill you to have a tasteful Christmas just once in your life? Every year we do Christmas your way.
Oh that's right, Dad, go ahead, ridicule everything I do: the way I eat, the way I decorate. Do you have any idea how that makes me feel?
Dad, I do everything I can to make you feel welcome in this house, but nothing I ever do is good enough!
Fine, I'm not even a good psychiatrist! I guess I'm just a big fat let-down, aren't I?!
AND I HATE YOU LIVING HERE!
Oh my God.
Oh God, I feel terrible.
We never should have tried this, we're not Jewish.
She's out of town.
Oh Dad, no, I should have been more sensitive. I am a psychiatrist.
Really?
Oh Dad, I didn't mean any of the things I said. I love having you here.
Honestly?
All right, let's try.
Oh, actually, he's arriving in a few hours, I'm picking him up at the airport. Gosh, you know, I'm so excited to see him. It was Lilith's turn to have him for his birthday this year, but apparently there was an accident at the lab. One of her monkeys bit her on the tongue.
She was teaching them sign language. I guess one of them made a disparaging remark about her new haircut, she stuck her tongue out.
Well, I guess I'm just gonna have to get myself a cup of coffee. Oh, somebody dropped a wallet.
It's hard to tell from a driver's license photo, but he is five foot six, weighs two hundred pounds and has corrective lenses.
Well, thank God I don't share your "Good deeds for hunks only" policy. Excuse me, I just found this...
Is it? I just found it on the floor over there, I was just about to leave it at the counter. Please, no reward.
Well, I don't know. It was empty when I found it.
Well I'm sure some lucky thief is off enjoying a matinee and a small soda!
Would you please bring me my usual? Do you believe that guy? I do him a favor, he accuses me stealing!
Well, I'm sorry, Roz, but I still believe people are basically good.
What can I do for you, Bulldog?
Bulldog, I'm sorry, Frederick's coming in tonight, it's his birthday.
Bulldog, wait a minute. You know what? Frederick will probably be asleep by eleven, I guess we could take your spot...
God bless, Bulldog.
You know, Frederick, your granddad really wanted to be here, but he had an important Rotary Club meeting.
What?
What are you talking about?
Oh, lord, all right, all right. I'll tell you what, just don't let on, OK? You know how he loves this stuff. Just act surprised, all right?
Oh, gosh. You think it's hard now, wait 'til you're my age.
Oh, Lilith! Yes, hello Lilith. What's that? Oh, right! Yes, of course he's here. It's your mom, Freddie, why don't you take it into your granddad's room?
Oh, yes, yes. Oh, Frasier, I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised.
Ooooh.
What the hell is that?
What child wouldn't be thrilled with a coconut death mask on his birthday?
Oh, at the airport, I helped this woman get a dog into her car.
Yes, a very heavy crate. I had to hold it at arm's length so that what I chose to believe was drool wouldn't run out onto my shoes. Eight blocks later, I finally load little Fido into her backseat, the woman drives off without so much as a "Thank you" or an offer to give me a ride back to the airport. Well, I responded with the time-honored gesture of disapproval, but on the upswing I caught my finger on the jacket and, well... I must say, my belief in people's basic decency has taken a beating today. You know, earlier I returned a man's wallet, he accused me of stealing.
Well, I'm sorry, Dad. I'm not ready to be quite that cynical yet.
Welcome back to the night owl edition of the Dr. Frasier Crane show. We have Stephen on line two. Go ahead, caller, you're on the air.
Why do you think that?
Turn your radio down.
Stephen, turn your radio down.
Stephen, listen to me: this is your radio talking. I'm a very smart radio, and I care about you. And I want you to turn me off, go to bed, and seek counseling in the morning.
Well, I'd like to end tonight on a philosophical note. You see, earlier today, I helped some people. I returned a man's wallet and I aided a woman at the airport. And in return, I was accused of being a thief, and my favorite jacket was ruined. I was so disappointed by the events of the day that, on my way to work here tonight, I almost passed by an elderly man with a flat tire without stopping to help him.
What the hell are you doing? ...I asked myself. How would I feel if I were in this man's position, and no one stopped to help me? Well, I did pull over, I helped the man, and frankly it felt great. So without sounding preachy, I would like to advise you all to do a good deed once in a while. If not for the sake of others, but then for your own sake. Now let's go to station ID. Roz, do you mind?
Well, at least you spared me the spectacle of flossing!
And we're back. It seems we've got time for one more call... Don't bother Roz, I'll get it. Go ahead, caller, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, I'm listening.
Ralph! Well, what a wonderful surprise. Let me first say to our listeners that this call was not solicited in any way.
Why yes, as a matter of fact, I do. But there's no need to buy me a gift.
You can't be serious! How much damage can cuff links do to a car whose side window consists of duct tape and a Hefty Bag?
Oh, great! Somebody else in need of a good Samaritan. Maybe if I ignore her, she'll stop waving. But what am I gonnna do? Just leave her standing in the rain? Then again, every one of my good deeds today has ended up biting me in the butt.
Such nasty weather, may I offer you a ride?
Well, chivalry may be on life support, but it's not dead.
Yes, they're standard. There's a little control on the side if you want more leg room. So, where can I take you?
Oh, dear God. You are a prostitute.
Look, I'm sorry, there's been a mistake.
I am not nervous and would you please put your seat up.
Stop talking to me that way! For God's sake! All right, please, I am sorry about the misunderstanding but get out of my car.
I was trying to be a gentleman, now get out!
All right, fine. Oh lord, I guess I must have left my wallet back at the station.
I wasn't going to pay for you! Oh, good lord. Oh, here's a twenty dollar bill, now get out.
Oh, God, get out! Hurry, out, out!
I don't believe this is happening to me. Hello officer, just how fast was I going?
No, I don't believe so.
Was it really necessary to take my belt and tie?
For God's sake! You had me in the drunk tank. If I wanted to kill myself I would've taken a deep breath.
Niles.
Well, I'm sorry, Niles. I guess what with the pillow fight in the holding tank and the pre-mug shot makeover, time just got away from me. Will you stop it?! Just bail me out of here, I can't stand another minute in this place!
Put it on your credit card!
Just do it!
Please, I told you on the phone. I didn't know she was a prostitute.
I saw a woman stranded in the rain, naturally I offered her a ride. Before I knew it, I was handcuffed to this bench surrounded by this motley assortment of... ...other wrongfully accused gentlemen.
Oh, no.
Would you please call Dad and get him down here?
Oh, God, this is intolerable. Now it'll take him twenty minutes to get here.
What? Why didn't he come in?
Dad, I'm so sorry. What happened was...
Yes, for God's sake, Dad, I didn't...
Dad, would you let me explain?
Yes, but you don't...
All that happened was...
Oh, that's all right, Crystal, these things happen.
He had a wig on!
Oh, will you stop saying that?!
Obviously I wasn't thinking. Thank God it's all over. I'll just spend a quiet weekend here with Frederick. Oh, dear God!
Oh, will this nightmare never end?! Now, listen Dad, we're bound to get a lot of calls about this thing. Please do not answer the phone, don't talk to anybody, just let the machine get it. You don't want to give them anything they can turn into something tawdry...
Daphne!
God! Give me that! No comment! Oh, Daphne, please don't answer the phone, let the machine pick up.
Oh, where's Frederick?
Thank you.
Daphne, I didn't do anything wrong!
Oh, I guess I deserve all this. I certainly had enough warning to stop being such a Boy Scout, but did I listen? No. Well, from now on, Dr. Crane – or as Seattle now knows him, "Dr. Strangelove" - is out of the Samaritan business.
Thank you, Niles.
Oh, God. How can I possibly explain it to him? Well, I guess the key is not to be evasive. He's going to hear about it sooner or later, I guess it should be from me.
After all, I am a trained professional, I can do it in a way that won't traumatize the child. FREDDIE, DON'T TOUCH THAT!
No, no, Frederick. Here, sit down for a second, son. I, I've got something I've gotta talk to you about. For the next couple of days, you're going to hear some rather nasty stories and some snide jokes about your old man...
No, no she's not. It's very hard for me to tell you this, but I just spent the night in jail.
Well, that was different. Insider trading is wrong.
Well, I saw a woman standing in the rain and I gave her a ride.
Well, it depends on the sort of woman. You see, this particular woman, this uh, person was a prostitute. But I didn't know that until it was too late.
Oh God, how can I explain this? A prostitute is someone who engages in sexual relations with other people for money.
Well, you see, I didn't know that it was a prostitute at the time. I was only trying to do a good deed. Well, I suppose in hindsight it was all a big mistake. I should have minded my own business.
Well...
May I offer you a ride?
Yes, well I noticed you, I was just having sort of a bad daydream. So, where can I take you?
Oh, dear God. You're...
Of course, Laura. Hi.
Oh, I'm certainly glad I stopped too.
Go ahead, Sophie, I'm listening.
Sounds reasonable.
Ah, that would be your doting husband now.
Sophie, why don't you put your husband on the line?
Larry, I gotta tell you, I'm afraid I side with your wife on this one.
What I do or do not know about football has...
Now, I don't see that that's in any...
Well, all right, you would...
You would take your receivers, and line them up, and then throw a pass. A long, long pass.
A Hail Mary. Sophie and Larry, I hope you enjoy the game. In the meanwhile, this is Coach Crane saying, I'm listening.
I'm impressed you could mime a virgin. So, Roz, you walkin' out?
Oh, your mother's still in town?
Oh, lord.
Well, why don't you just ask her? She might enjoy a little time to herself. I know my dad does.
You know, Roz, your mom's about the same age as my dad, isn't she?
Does she date much?
No, no, hear me out, Roz. Now, Dad hasn't dated anybody since he and Sherry broke up, I'm starting to worry he's lost his nerve. A date with your mom could be a tremendous favor to him.
Oh, come on, I'll tell you what: I know it's awkward but there's a way to minimize that. Niles and I are having dinner with him tonight. We'll take him to McGinty's, he'll feel comfortable, you and your mother can just happen by. We'll see what transpires, you know, they'll never even know it's a fix-up.
Five? Your mother is ready for dinner at five?
I wonder what his insults are like.
Oh, yes. Hello.
And how did you earn that honorific?
Oh, goodness, look who's here! Roz!
Hello, Joanna.
Nice to see you again, too. Please, won't you sit down and join us?
Oh, no, no, please, the more the merrier.
Roz, will you just look at the two of them.
Say, Roz, we better be going if we're going to get that work done tonight.
But we promised to finish those promos tonight.
Wait, I've got an idea. Uh, Dad, since I'm kidnapping Roz, why don't you take Joanna to the jazz club?
Oh, well, perfect. OK, you kids just have some coffee, we'll see you back at the apartment later, OK?
I told you Roz, just leave it to the master.
Roz, will you please relax and watch the pageant with us? They're right in the middle of the talent competition.
Roz, you're gonna chew that nail right off. Stop it.
Who cares?
Oh, come on, Roz. Your mother doesn't think you're a screwup.
Daphne!
Oh, oh, Roz. You know what? So what if they don't get along? So we made a mistake.
About what? Setting her up with my father?
That is exactly what you meant!
Well I hope he remembers to curtsey before the Dairy Queen!
Oh, lord.
Oh, Roz, that is the best promo of all.
Goodnight, Joanna. Lammy.
So... Tell me all about it.
What?
No.
Oh...
Yes, it's like a fairy tale over here, too.
I've just got to find some way to tell Roz.
Her feelings are going to be hurt anyway. She's here 'til Sunday. She's expecting him to call. Oh, dear God. At least this way Roz can let her down easy.
What's yours?
Well, it's that hulking fellow, Thad. The one who doesn't react when his arm touches the steamer nozzle.
Hi, Roz.
Oh, Roz I'm glad for you, but...
No. But he will. Soon. Uh, he had a really busy morning.
Sunday? Oh, well let's see, tonight is poker night, that's no good. Saturday he's made plans to, uh, drive Duke to Tacoma for that all day... Tacoma-Fest.
Oh, darn.
No, no, Sunday's no good, because that's the, uh...
Right, the Super Bowl. You know how Dad is about football, it's like a religion with him. In fact, he's made Niles and I promise that we'd watch it with him this year.
Not that I can come up with.
Couldn't do it. Told her we were watching the Super Bowl with Dad and she and her mother are coming over.
I know. I've got to find some way to tell Dad.
I suppose the sooner I tell him, the better.
What do you mean?
I think I owe him more than five minutes' warning. Besides, Dad would never deliberately hurt Joanna standing her up. He is first and foremost a gentleman.
Yes. Until I got out of high school, I didn't there was any other way to feel in a locker room.
Was I?
No, no, but there's something I wanted to talk to you about, but now's not the time.
Now's the time.
No, Dad, Dad, that's what I have to talk to you about. You see, that's going to be Roz and her mother.
Well, Joanna had such a good time with you the other night, and you did say that you would see her again, and rather than send her home with her feelings hurt, I had to tell her you wanted her here.
Well, that's the beauty of it. It's like a date, but it's not a date. Just, you know, make small talk, you pass the dip.
Now, Dad, I know you found her a little less than scintillating, but please, it'll be over before you know it.
Hi, Bonnie.
Oh, how nice.
What did you invite her for?
Now that's gonna be Roz and her mother.
Would you come on, Dad? Would it kill you to be civil for the length of one Super Bowl? What is that, an hour out your life?
I'm sure Dad would love to.
Yes, well you know how Dad is always trying to, ah...
Find a new girl for Niles. Niles, you remember Bonnie. She waited on us at McGinty's.
Don't be silly, Niles. Bonnie is here as our guest.
Just a second, Dad, I gotta take drink orders in here.
Now, now, no private conversations. Your dates are waiting.
Now listen. I realize that this is a very difficult situation, but if we all cooperate, we can send everybody home happy. Dad, if you would like, you can discretely take Bonnie aside and tell her what's going on.
I said DISCRETELY!
Now, Dad, don't you get fresh with Niles's girl, there.
Yes, well, he may appear to have a crusty exterior, but deep down inside, Dad's just an old softy.
It's the baby monitor! We should just...
You know, I bet they know it's on...
And they're just having some fun with us...
Joanna, I am so sorry. I know it sounded bad, but...
Oh, Roz, I certainly wasn't thinking that he had a date planned.
Of course, Joanna. The last thing we need today is another awkward situation.
Right. Can you come in for a bit?
Roz, I'm so sorry.
You know, I've been sitting here, trying to figure out why I was so eager to play matchmaker for Dad.
Well, I suspect I wasn't doing it so much for him as I was doing it for me. I see him here all the time, all alone, I wonder if maybe that's not gonna be me someday.
Ah, well, we're both gonna be fine. I was just thinking, though, if we wanna play it safe, we could make one those, uh, pacts.
Yeah, exactly, we'll marry each other.
Well, six of one...
Audrey, you borrowed the dress, you tore it. As an old Greek haberdasher once said: "Euripedes, Eumenides."
It's just a little joke on the ancient dramatist Euripedes and the mythological Furies.
Just fix the dress. We'll be back after the weather.
Uh Roz, Noel gave me this to give to you.
Lately? May I remind you this is the man required by law to stay at least 100 yards away from William Shatner?
Oh come on, Roz. I'm sure he knows that you're not interested in him.
Oh, Lord. We're on. And we're back, let's get straight to the phones. I'm listening.
Well Woody, in today's fast-paced, high-pressure society that's not uncommon. Just why exactly do you feel lost?
Oh, Woody Woody. Oh well, listeners, this is an old friend of mine from back in Boston. Well, how you doin' there, you old cowpoke?
Yes, well I have just the cure for that. How about dinner?
And I'm free all week. How's tonight?
Yes I am, Woody. And so are you.
Believe it or not, listeners, Woody and I are picking up right where we left off.
Oh. That's probably Woody. I'll get it. Oh, Niles.
Well, I'm sorry, Niles. An old friend of mine came in from out of town, I invited him to come over this evening.
Ah well, I'm not sure an oboe recital's what I had in mind, I was thinking of something a little more raucous.
No, I'm afraid we'll have to pass. You see, my friend Woody is an old bar chum from back at Cheers. What I had in mind was really more of a beer-swillin', back-slappin' kind of night, if you know what I mean? You're certainly welcome to join us if you like.
All right. Woody?
Good to see ya.
Well thank you, thanks. You too.
Thank you.
Er, they're not really roommates, Woody. They're... they're more like boarders actually. That's my father, Martin.
And that's my brother right there, Niles. He's a psychiatrist too.
And this is Daphne Moon, my father's home health-care worker.
So Woody, can I get you a beer?
Yes well, life's like that sometimes, isn't it? Daphne, get us a couple of beers, will ya? So, what brings you to Seattle?
Really?
So, is Kelly with you?
And how's the old gang?
Oh, gosh. I'm so sorry for Cliff.
Oh thank you, Daphne.
Well Woody, I thought tonight we would just maybe stay in, y'know, order some pizza?
Okay, great. I'll just call the place around the corner. Niles you uh, gonna join us?
Oh yes. And the ferret!
God, that was funny. Do you remember the expression on his face?
Woody, let me get you another cold one.
My god. I tell ya, this has just been the best evening. My God, it's like re-living all my old days at Cheers, only without Lilith. Boy, that's a trip to Bountiful, let me tell ya.
There you are, Woods.
Well, all right, you want to call it a night?
Well, all right, how about lunch tomorrow?
Okay.
You know what, Woody? There's a new gourmet Mexican restaurant over near your hotel I'd love to try. It's called "Dos Burros." It sounds muy delicioso.
Ohh, it's nothing.
Same as in English, Jackass.
Woody, here's that Seattle guidebook I was telling you about, right here.
Take a loan of that, huh?
Woody, turn around, it's even better.
No, no Woody, look up.
No, no. You go ahead.
I don't think I laughed harder in my entire life!
Put a bullet in my head.
My God. I have absolutely nothing in common with this man, except things that happened ten years ago.
Oh well, yes. We had exactly the same time this afternoon, it wasn't nearly as fun. The same stories, and variations thereof, being forced to laugh over and over. I swear, if I never get another shoulder noogie I will die a happy man.
Yes, I guess when all this is over I'll have learned a valuable lesson. Sometimes you can have too much of a good thing. You have to know when to say "When." The past is just that, the past. You can never go home again. Less is more.
Well, Woods? It's been great seeing you.
C'mon, gimme a good hug, ah? Now you gotta promise me you're gonna give my love to everybody back at the bar.
Oh, and give that beautiful wife of yours and those two kids a kiss from Uncle Frasier.
Now don't be a stranger, okay?
Niles.
Niles, listen, uh, I've been having such a great time with Woody, I was wondering, y'know, maybe tonight you'd like to join us? We've planned to go out...
Oh, God.
No, no, no, please, Niles, really, I'm desperate. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to feign interest in the same old stories over and over again?
Ooh.
Niles? Please? Please, I need you. It's going to be an excruciating journey into... Ohh... Roz! Hey, you know what, are you up for a night on the town?
Oh, all right! Here, please. My old friend Woody is dragging me out again tonight. I could really use a buffer. He's taking me to some God-awful karaoke bar.
No!
Really, you will?
Well Gil, I'm not sure you'd enjoy this.
Hi, Noel.
I didn't hear anything.
Roz!
Roz, wait!
Turn off the music.
Dad. I never want to hear music again.
For starters, Woody sang "What Kind Of Fool Am I?" Quickly turned into an audience participation number. Then Gil and Noel did a charming duet with "Anything You Can Do, I Can Do Better." They were both wrong. I guess the highlight the evening was when Gil, after one too many Que Royales, performed a haunting rendition of "I Feel Pretty," during the latter verses of which Noel joined him on the apron the stage and translated... into Klingon. Well, I think I'm just gonna go off to bed so I can get up bright and early for my harbour cruise with Woody tomorrow.
Dad, he knows that I'm not. Besides, I'd hate to hurt his feelings, I'd hate to have him think I've outgrown him.
Well, that's the problem. I've moved on to bigger and better things in my life, he's still pouring drinks back in the same bar he's been at for the last fifteen years. Don't you think that's kinda sad?
DAPHNE!!!
Yes, fine, and I used to be a fan dancer! Get out. Go to bed!
Niles.
Dear God! I just left him. What moonlit berry-picking expedition does he have planned for me now?
I can't take this anymore. All right, all right fine. I'm just going to have to lie to him. Woody!
Oh well, Woody. I guess this means goodbye, then.
All right then, give me a hug. You remember to give my love to the folks back at Cheers.
Okay. I hope that little girl of yours gets better real soon.
Well, it was great seeing you too, Woody.
It's a shame we have to cut it short.
Goodbye, Wood. God bless the virus that invaded that little girl's ear canal.
Oh no. Niles, I'll tell you what, to celebrate my newfound freedom, why don't we go over to that little cantina I mentioned to you earlier, and I'll buy you a late supper? We'll have a margarita.
And after that, we'll go by that pricey new cigar club, it's my treat.
Ohh...
The last time I heard that phrase, Gil was belting it out while sitting on the lap of a Japanese businessman. Let's get that margarita.
I think you'll like this place.
N.M.B?
Oh dear God. Quick, hide your face with your menu. Woody's over there. If he sees us he'll know I lied.
I told him I was going out of town.
That's right. He lied. He should be hiding. Woody? Woody?
For God's sake. Stay here. Woody. Come out of there, please.
I don't understand this.
Will you just come out here? Woody? What is going on?
Why did you do that?
No, Woody. Earlier this evening you told me you were going back to Boston.
What, you weren't enjoying our time together?
This is too funny.
Why didn't you say something?
You felt bad for me?
Really Woody, there's nothing to worry about. I know my life may seem rather dreary to you but ah, it's really quite enjoyable. In fact, it's even a lot of fun. I love my life now, honestly. You know what, I wouldn't trade my years at Cheers for anything, but I am very happy with my life the way it is today.
Yes. That's what makes this conversation so ironic. You see, you see my life as some sort of middle-aged compromise and, well just the other day I was thinking about your life. And all I could think was...
How lucky you are. You see, you've found where you belong and you've made your home there. I guess for some of us it just takes longer than others.
Well, you know what, Niles will be on the phone for a couple of more minutes, why don't we have one last drink together, huh?
Okay. Barkeep, a couple of beers here, please?
Yeah.
Absolutely. Ten years it is.
Cheers.
Roz, it's Frasier. Look, I need your help.
OK, just answer me this: How do you know if you're on a date?
Yes.
Very funny. Listen, I'm at a restaurant, waiting for Cassandra Stone - you know, our new publicity director? She asked me out for dinner, and well, I was very flattered. I mean, I think she's a terrific woman. It's just I'm starting to wonder if this is a business dinner, or more a romantic date.
Yes, well, she didn't realize it was Valentine's Day until I reminded her. She did say she wanted to go over a new ad campaign.
She's always got her hands all over everybody. She's a big flirt.
Oh, Roz, I can't do that, what if the answer is "No"? For God's sake, it'll be awkward all through dinner. Awkward at work. Imagine how embarrassing it'll be if it gets around the station.
Yeah, yeah, I guess you're right.
Oh, who are you going out with tonight?
Isn't he the one who drones on so incessantly you call him "The Cricket"?
Goodbye.
Roz. It's Frasier.
I'm in Cassandra's hotel room. She invited me up here after dinner. I'm just not sure what it means.
I'm still getting a lot of conflicting signals here. You see, maybe she just invited me up here to talk business. I just wish I could get one clear, unambiguous sign.
Roz, I'm back.
Roz, Roz it's not as clearcut as it seems.
You're right. I'm going to take off my jacket.
You know, Cassandra, I know this may sound like a silly question seeing as how we're... in bed together and... nearly naked, and... I've just been wondering: Is this a romantic date, or... a business thing?
Roz, it's Frasier!
Thank you very much.
Well, Roz — oh! Baby pictures?
Oh, nonsense. Baby Alice couldn't possibly take a bad picture. Oh, well, that's just adorable, the silly little one with the jam all over her face.
Oh. Well, don't worry about that. That sort of thing is bound to clear up. Or spread.
Niles.
Anyway, Niles, uh, how did things go with Maris's lawyers?
Eight months?!
Yes, the week before his first Little League trial, he practically lived under there.
So, Niles, uh, how did your lawyers respond to this postponement request?
Niles, are you serious?! Do you think maybe it's time that you consider getting some new lawyers?
But they're bleeding you dry! Do you realize that they don't mind these postponements at all? You know the longer they draw this thing out, the more money they'll get paid.
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute, are we talking about Donny Douglas?
Oh my God, Niles, I've read about this guy! He's the one they call "the Piranha," right?
Yes, well, anyway, Niles, I mean this guy just won a huge case. He might be just who you need.
My God, is this your lunch? A baloney sandwich? And a fruit cocktail?! Oh, Niles. You see what these lawyers have reduced you to? Do you have any idea what they're having for lunch?
Thank you.
Well, I didn't have to come at all. But if I hadn't, you never would have. Well, the office seems nice enough. Might have overdone it on the plants a little.
Niles...
Will you stop being such a snob? Give this man a chance, for God's sake. And please, will you have a mint? I'm halfway across the room, all I can smell is baloney!
Mr. Douglas, I'm Frasier Crane—
This is Niles Crane.
Yes, yes.
Oh yes, well, I'll tell her.
Oh, not much danger of that.
Niles, I think you were about to tell Mr. Douglas about Dr. Schenkman.
Sorry, mustard allergy.
Let's certainly hope not.
Yes.
Niles, you have got to hear this man out. I'm sorry, this is exactly what you want in a lawyer, someone who's not afraid to show a little moxie!
Yes. My goodness, almost makes me wish I was still married to Lilith!
And indeed, I had high hopes for Niles and Maris, as is witnessed by my wedding toast, in which I combined my heartfelt sentiments with apt quotations from Shakespeare, jazz great Louis Armstrong, and the poet Catullus.
Well, I—
All right, all right. Look, I'll try to do better.
Yes, she'd fill the bathtub with Evian!
Yes.
But I do recall! And I'll be under oath!
All right, uh... We've done those... Oh, here's one. "Can you recall a specific incident when Maris lost her temper or behaved in a way you'd characterize as volatile or unstable?"
Well, what is it?
Well... not to the best of my recollection.
Me?
Well, it's not that simple! You heard what he said, I'll be under oath.
Niles, here! Put your head between your legs! I'll get you some water!
Dad, there is nothing more I'd like to do than to help my brother. But I would like to find a way to do it without violating my ethics!
Dad, we are talking about perjury! When is that ever acceptable?
Oh, for God's sake!
Who am I lying to, the comet?
All right, I suppose in certain extreme cases—
To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!
Oh, for God's sake, you make me sound like some sort insensitive lout who's not aware that his brother's out there in pain!
I'm just checking to see it's not too cold!
Niles? Niles?
The piano, Niles! Please, please, just come out from under there. Things are not that bad.
Niles, please, come out here. Now, come on.
Well, do you really want to see me lying under oath?!
You know, I can't believe you're being so casual about this! Do you realize you're asking me to do something completely unethical?!
Yes, but that's the point! Ethics are what we do when no one else is looking! For heaven's sake, I learned that from you! Are you saying you wouldn't have any trouble with this?
Well, Dad, I'm still not sure what I'm going to do.
I don't know! I just know that I'm never going to figure out anything with you barking in my ear!
To get some air!
Thank you.
Niles — no, not yet. Daphne's still in the conference room. The place is slithering with Maris's lawyers.
Niles, it's not your fault.
Well, honestly I'm still not really sure what the right thing is.
Really?
But, why, Niles?
Listen to me: the only reason that marriage lasted as long as it did was because of the effort that YOU put into it. From the moment that you slipped that ring onto her bony little finger and it slipped right off again! There is no way that this divorce is your fault.
Right. Uh, I wish there was something I could do, Niles.
It makes perfect sense, Niles. You've just won your life back.
Niles, that's very good, that's my favorite! Well done.
Don't push it.
Well, thank you, Niles, but I can't take all the credit. I know, you're thinking of Donny.
You know, actually, to tell the truth, if it hadn't been for me badgering you to change your lawyers, Donny Douglas never would have come into your life.
Of course, we mustn't forget Roz's part in all of this.
Oh, Niles...
Well, what are you two doing here together?
Well, we mustn't forget Roz's part in all this!
Yes, well just because it was untouched doesn't mean someone didn't find it.
Well, congratulations, Niles.
Niles! Please, stop what you're doing. It's unseemly enough when she's actually in the room!
Well no, but I wouldn't massage Dad's ass for what I pay her either!
Look, I'm sorry, Niles, it's just that Donny and Daphne seem very happy together. Now either it's true love, in which case it's too late for you to declare yourself, or it's just a temporary infatuation-
...In which case it will pass, and then you can make your move! And in the mean time I suggest that maybe you start looking elsewhere. You know, maybe make a fresh start, do something to get your mind off of Daphne.
Yes, I understand that... say, you know what, I've got an idea. Why don't the three of us go up to that new cabin of yours for the weekend?
Well, that's all right, Dad. Niles can go up on Friday night, put things together, and then you and I can drive up on Saturday afternoon.
Perfect for three guys roughing it in the wilderness!
You know what? I can stop at the butcher, I'll pick up a couple of ducks and make my justly celebrated duck a l'orange.
Chambertin!
God, this is great, Niles! You know what, I've got to dash down to the mailbox to drop that letter in before the last pickup. Niles, trust me, you'll be glad you took my advice on this one.
Yes, I couldn't agree more.
Niles!
Oh God, you haven't even heard the worst yet, Niles: the butcher shop was closed, so here I am with all my spices, everything I need to make my duck a l'orange - all I've got's the l'orange!
Are you insane?! I'm not going to shoot any ducks, it's barbaric!
Niles, what about you?
Well, I'm not going hunting!
What the hell is going on? Are you trying to get rid of us?
Roz?
Roz?!
True, but I gotta tell you Niles, Roz isn't the freshest start you could make!
I'm not going hunting, Dad! Roz and Niles?! Please! You guys have nothing in common!
Dad...
I don't want to go hunting!
No Dad, I don't think I ever did, how does it go?!
Niles, one last warning. Take it from someone who knows you both: you and Roz are not a good couple.
Niles and Roz? It's just ridiculous!
Well, they are just completely incompatible.
Never thought of it that way.
Thank you, Dad, I suppose that was a backhanded comment about me and Lilith.
No, no, Dad, I told you I'm not shooting anything.
Well, all right. Gee, you know, I keep thinking about you and Mom; maybe Niles and Roz do have a chance.
Gosh, you know, I hope I didn't discourage Niles too much by the way I reacted. You know how much stock he puts in my opinion.

Oh, for heaven's sake! You're not going to let her go down and enjoy the sunset by herself!
I came back for some more ammo. Who knew ducks were so shifty? Listen, I know that you took my advice to heart, but I tell you I've changed my mind: I now approve of you and Roz.
Yes, yes, the two of you should go for it. OK, come on, off you two go, let's go.
Why not?
What? You know what, you guys are putting far too much stock in my opinion. Come on, let's get down to the lake and enoy that sunset.
Let's go, no, not another word. Down to the lake.
And you should be going with her too! For God's sake, I told the two of you I withdraw my objection. Come on, let's go!
Roz, listen, I will attend to the baby. I was just about to make myself a cup of tea anyway. Now come on, let's go. March, both of you! Out the door! You're going to catch that romantic sunset if I have to drag you down there myself.
Good lord, I just can't believe the two of them. Ridiculous behavior! My God... AAH!
Daphne!
No, no, no, no, no. That's quite alright. It's just that if Niles knew you were here he would never... well, forgive himself for not being here to greet you.
Oh, well isn't that nice? You've got to leave!
No, well you see, Niles is up here for what I think you Brits call a "dirty weekend" with someone...
And the someone happens to be Roz.
Yes, yes! Now, you've got to get out of here.
All right, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what. There's a nice bed and breakfast just up the road. I think Dad, you, and I should all stay there this evening, alright?
No, no, of course, right in there.
Oh, dear God.
For the love of God! If I'd known the two of you were gonna take my words this seriously I would have chosen them more carefully. For God's sake, get out of here, get down to that lake!
No, no, Roz, your baby is just fine. I burped her once and she went out like a light. Come on, let's go, Niles.
Well, alright.
On the other hand, you know, you can enjoy the fire all night long. You've only got ten more minutes for the sunset.
Don't tell me, tell them!
No.
It's out of order.
Let me check again.
My God, one of the pipes is burst and the other one's knocking.
Yes, there is!
You know, Niles, you're behaving awfully strangely. What the heck is going on?
I mean that you show absolutely no desire to be alone with Roz! I'm starting to have serious doubts about this so- called "romance"!
Donny?
What are you doing here?
Oh, did he?
Well, isn't that nice of Niles to organize this little reunion?!
Well, obviously Roz and Niles can barely keep their HANDS OFF EACH OTHER! You know, why don't all of us get out of here? Give these two little kids a little privacy.
Something tells me I'll pay for it too. Oh, I realize now that you two don't need my blessing, so I'll just leave you with this.
I'm sorry Niles, it's just that Donny and Daphne seem very happy together. Now either it's true love, in which case it's too late for you to declare yourself, or it's just a temporary infatuation--
--in which case it will pass, and then you can make your move. In the meantime I suggest that you start looking elsewhere, maybe make a fresh start, do something to get your mind off of Daphne.
Donny, what are you doing here?
Oh, did he?
(knowingly) Oh, isn't that nice of Niles to organize this little reunion!
Well, obviously Roz and Niles can barely keep their hands off each other! You know, why don't all of us get out of here and give these two little kids a little privacy?
You know Niles, I think I'm going to have a dinner party. Care to comment?
I got the idea last night when we bumped into Jean and Hollis Ashley at the symphony, I've always wanted to get to know them better.
Really? I must have been sick that day!
Oh, well Roz...
Is that your dry cleaning?
Well let's pick a date for our party. Got your book?
The 1st is no good.
Library fundraiser. Third?
No. No, no, no.
No, concert tickets.
Yes, I'm taking a date.
No, no... Oh, I've got the 19th.
The 19th it is then.
Well actually, after an unusually protracted game of dueling date books, Niles and I have set a mutually acceptable evening for an inteen soiree. We're having a dinner party!
Can't you reschedule it?
Dad, you know we wouldn't ask if there was any other date that worked!
Dad, please, couldn't you at least make a few calls? I tell you what, if you can change the day - I'll cover your losses that night.
Alright, Niles, back to our party... got any thoughts on a caterer?
Let's book him.
Oh, I'm sorry Dad, I didn't know you were on the line.
Oh my goodness.
Can I speak to Cornell, please? Yes, of course I'll hold.
Niles!
How long is he going to keep me on hold!
Hello Cornell, yes Frasier Crane here. Listen, I'm hoping that you're not booked on the 19th. Oh Lord, yes I understand that... yes, same to you. Alright, bye-bye. Damn! Don't you know it, the only date he's got free is the 11th. Damn those concert tickets!
Doesn't he work with Cornell?
That is wonderful, alright, now you, me and the fabulous Ashbys. That leaves six chairs to fill.
Technically that's two no-brainers, forget the Birkins.
I don't!
All right, we each have a right to blackball, let's say, three guests. We will each get an equal voice.
That's three for me and three for you. And just to get the blackball rolling... Bye-bye, Birkins!
Not everyone! Blackball!
No, no, we never question the blackball. We just bow to its will.
“The Drunken Duncans?!" Have you lost your... Wait a minute. You loathe the Duncans, you just want me to waste a blackball.
Really? Well, perhaps I misjudged them. Very well Niles, the Duncans it is. Nina and Arch...
Oh, I like the Walburts.
I love the Gordons, now we're rolling.
Blackball! She is a twit. How about the Whitneys?
Blackball!
So is Lucy Cromwell, I don't want her at my party.
Yes - starting with our guests of honor: the Ashbys. Hello Hollis, Frasier Crane calling. Listen, Niles and I are planning on having a dinner party on the 19th and... oh. They're leaving to Africa on the 19th. Oh, gee that's a shame. We were sorta building the evening around you. Oh! They've got the 11th free.
I didn't ask you to that. The 11th should be just fine. Oh no, they've got a conflict. Oh, well that's no problem - they were our very next call. We absolutely adore the Duncans. All right, we'll see you then.
I'm sorry Niles, they've got plans for the Ashbys on the 11th, so they're invited too.
Oh, the blackball was dropped, it can never be...
At least we're getting the Ashbys - in fact, you know what? There's an additional plus - seeing as we're changing our plans to the 11th, it means Cornell can cater.
Yes, Cornell please.
Cornell, Frasier Crane. Listen, we've changed our party plans and...
This one's mine, I can smell my cologne!
She still in business?
Oh. I better phone the Duncans, hope we can catch them before "Happy Hour"! Hello, Nina. Too late! Frasier Crane calling. Listen, Niles and I are having the Ashbys over and a few other people for a dinner and we were hoping that you could join us on the 11th... Don't cry, Nina, please. Yes, well, I've always loved you too. What? Joaquin? Joaquin is coming in from Argentina, you'd like him to, to join us... well?
My God, that's right, they were just down there, they must have met him. We would love to have Joaquin join us! Oh, that's splendid. Alright, right, then we'll see you on the 11th. The 11th. Alright, take two swizzle sticks and stand them up side by side. Eleven, that's right.
Well, don't cry for me, Arch & Nina! Alright, let's see, we've got the Duncans and Joaquin, and that means we're going to have to cut out two couples. Well, the Cromwells and the...
The Gordons. That leaves us short by one, we need a single female.
Naturally we thought of you first, Roz, but this isn't really your kind of crowd.
Now Roz...
The 11th?!
Now Dad, I would never even consider asking you to do such a thing. I tell you what, there's no reason why we can't hold both parties simultaneously. The apartment's certainly big enough.
What, dad? I'm serious, no, no, we can share the buffet table and we can even have the harpist learn a couple of Bobby Darin tunes for your crowd!
Of course, we will have to dim the lights at one point. You see, Nina Duncan always insists on sharing her extensive collection of slides from the summer she danced Agamemmnom at Jacob's Pillow.
You call Kiki, and the Walburts. And I'll talk to Roz.
Excuse me, Roz, listen, I just came to apologize.
Roz, you know I didn't mean that.
It's just a silly dinner party, what's everyone getting so upset about?
Lord, was that the answering machine?
That's wonderful, I so enjoy the Walburts.
Obviously, she thinks we're always together. That we're some sort of "couple."
They're married, Niles! Still, there's no reason for her to call us odd!
Nothing?! Is there a good end to that sentence?! "Personally, I think the whole arrangement is a little..." What?! Charming?!
Perhaps she has a point. Ever since your divorce you have become more and more attached to me. Maybe that's why she said what she said.
You get Frasier, you get that Niles!
I am the one giving the party, and you are that other one!
Better yet, why don't we just get on a bicycle built for two, ride over there and ask her what she thinks is so strange about us!
Hello. Yes, hello Nina. Alright, what can I do for you? No, no, dear, you called me. Oh yes, Joaquin can only eat certain foods - well, yes I'd be glad to accommodate them. Let's see, alright... Rice, beans, jerked beef. Any particular reason? I see. Interesting. OK. Bye.
Because the Joaquin they're bringing to dinner is... ...their foster child! From a tiny village on the pompus. He speaks no English and he gets nauseated when he eats American food!
Oh, you are so that other one! Where are we going to find someone to babysit a nine year old child?
Roz-
You were right. You know, you would be a welcome addition to any party.
No honestly, Niles and I want you to join us for dinner.
In fact, we're having someone who might make a very interesting dinner companion for you.
No, no, no..
Yes, very young!
Not exactly my wish list, but at least we've got the Ashbys.
Absolutely! Dad, do you think we're odd?!
Yes, but do you think we spend too much time together?
Yes, I suppose you're right about that. The Gershwins, the Wright Brothers...
You know, maybe it wouldn't be the worst idea if we went our own ways a bit more.
Perhaps this is just the warning we need. Today we're planning a dinner party... tomorrow we're wearing matching pajamas and washing each other's hair! Let's face it, Niles, we are one stone's throw away from becoming the neighborhood kooks! Right down to the local children ringing our doorbell and running away.
You always know how to cheer me up.
Hello? Yes, yes. Oh Lord, I'm so sorry you can't make it. That's all right. Yes, some other time. Goodbye.
Family emergency. Apparently it's so urgent they didn't have time to think up a plausible excuse!
Well, let's see... we have a third-rate caterer with a record, a couple of lushes, a couple who think we're both nutcases, an Argentine wild child and Roz! Dinner is served!
At this point I don't think one is going to make any difference.
We are the Collier brothers! Why don't we just face the inevitable: let us just cancel the whole damn thing.
Frankly, I'm sick and tired about giving a damn about what other people think. You know, most of them are one ball away from not being here in the first place.
So do I, Niles. You know, why don't we make those calls tomorrow to cancel? I'm famished, why don't we just head over to "Companion" for dinner, my treat.
I don't think we're in any danger of that. If our relationship became truly odd I think we're both intelligent enough to recognize the signs.
Well, it started off well enough. First they seated us at a superb table, much better than the one next to us - where, unfortunately, they sat Daphne and Donny.
They were being very affectionate, of course: whispering, laughing, holding hands...
Well, in an attempt to make things better I suggested that Niles and I switch seats so that he could face the other table. Of course, only moments later they seated Maris there with her new boyfriend. Also being affectionate.
Yes, well I urged him to send it back, but no, he didn't want to create a scene in front of Daphne.
May I remind you that you begged me to find you a sublet - Someone austere and dignified enough not to offend your starchy neighbors?
Well, I'm sorry Niles, he's still got two months left on his sublet.
Dad, the man has a lease, I can't very well call him up and ask him to move out.
I'll call Dr. MacLowery.
Tour?
Ah! You know, Niles, maybe he isn't here. Maybe we should just let ourselves in.
Yes, soon Africa will be just a memory.
It's Dr. MacLowery!
I believe that was "Lick it & Stick it"!
Oh well, in a way I felt responsible.
Niles, will you relax?
Which they won't do if you show them a good time at this little reception. A couple of drinks, some food, some witty conversation, they'll realize what an asset you are to this building.
Hi, Roz.
Roz, please!
All right, done.
No, Dad, you were invited because... well, it just wouldn't be a party without you. Although there may be a few women here who are unattached, who might just take a shine to an old debonair dog like yourself.
Yes, although nothing says "party" like a tracheotomy.
For God's sake, Niles, will you do something with this damn bird?
Roz, please, the man is eighty and arthritic. How hard can he pinch?
Ow!
Niles! Stop it, stop it. The party's just starting, everything's going to be just fine.
Don't you touch me!
Daphne, how are those other...
Baby?
Oh, dear God! This bird is dead. How did this happen?
You mean the ones I've just served to Niles's guests?
I'm going to let Daphne tell you.
Sorry, I forgot the garnish. Just dreadfully embarrassed about this... give me that! Thank you very much. It's just chef's prerogative. Roz! For God's sake.
Oh Niles, I'm so sorry. My God, the mayonnaise must have gone bad, or the cranberry, or the paté.
I don't know. Daphne, smell her beak!
Alright, Niles, are you all right?
Daphne, you get rid of Baby, I'll get rid of this tainted food.
Yes, we're in luck. This intrepid little crab puff has survived. Now all I need is a very sharp knife and sixteen toothpicks.
No, Niles, listen. Don't panic, we've got everything we need to make more hors d'oeuvres. All we need is time, you get out there and stall.
I tell you what, I'll volunteer to play the detective for the first round. Let the mayhem begin!
Alright? Turn out the lights, everyone hide.
How soon?
Alright, five minutes it is. Ready or not, here I come!
My goodness, the foul fiend has struck already. Turn the lights on. Good heavens, he's struck twice!
Uh-uh, once dead you cannot move or speak, take your cue from Mr. Probst. Alright, everyone. Did any of you see anything suspicious? Any odd behavior?
Not yet, this is very intriguing. I think I'm going to have to think about it for... five minutes or so.
No, the fun's just started. I tell you what, let's turn off the lights again and we'll let our craven villain ply his dark trade once more.
Very funny! Would you just turn out the lights, please?
Alright everyone, hide!
No, Roz, no talking.
Well no, Roz, that wouldn't make much sense, would it?
Well, was he? Well then, Mr. Probst, I don't think someone's playing by the rules, is he? You see, this way no-one else can get murdered, can they? Mr. Probst?
Nothing, Roz, nothing.
I'm trying to, I just can't find one.
Niles! I'm afraid Mr. Probst has passed on.
Yes, you see, I think that heart condition of his finally caught up with him.
Niles, Niles, he's gone.
No, Niles, this is not your fault.
No, I tell you what. There's no need for that. I think we can still get him out of here without anybody noticing.
You go find Dad. Tell him to call one of his friends at the police department. One of his good friends, right? I'll handle the rest.
I'm going to use the game to distract everybody. I will take everyone into the kitchen for questioning, thus drawing their attention from the bodies.
Roz!
Get down.
All right, how about this? I will pay the airfare for that vacation of yours next month.
Business.
All right, get down there.
Great. Niles, start getting everyone in the kitchen.
Good point.
Quiet!
Dad! Can you do one more favor? You are now the killer. Listen, come on, you've got to murder somebody - preferably in the kitchen!
All right, turn on the lights, everyone. Roz, you okay?
Everyone. There has been another murder... in the kitchen. I'm ready to solve the crime, if you'll all join me... in the kitchen.
Well I could, you see, but that wouldn't be proper. You see... the hors d'oeuvres are in there. Come along, people. We've got food. Don't touch the crime scene please, thank you very much.
Before I determine the identity of the killer, there are a few questions I'd like to ask each of you.
No. No-one leaves until I've solved the crime. Except you, Dad.
All right, then. I think I shall begin by drawing a diagram of where each of you was standing when the first murder occurred.
So we have established Miss Finn was talking with Mr. Larkin in the upstairs hall at 8:14. And he muttered something.
I'll ask the questions around here, Mrs. Larkin.
Mrs. Hawkins thought she saw him!
Mrs. Latimer, we have already broken the "no-eating while dead" rule but we'll stand fast on the "quiet" one. Now...
No, wait.
You can't blame Niles for this because...
My father is the killer! Yes, the case is closed. Shall we have another round?
I think he's got a bottle of vodka in the freezer, Roz.
Evening, Niles.
Just about.
Oh yeah, you've seen these before, haven't you? I always wear them with the tux.
And those are very nice too.
Gold?
Hi, Roz. Come on in.
That's all right.
Oh, great. Well, set her down in my room. You know, we don't want to be late for that silent auction.
Well, why not, Roz? It's for a good cause. The Kelly Ann Grunther foundation does excellent work.
Well, he wasn't that bad. Some kind of engineer, wasn't he?
Well, there we are. Alice is all squared away, she went right to sleep. Shall we?
Dad, it's hardly in spirit with the evening. We're raising money for the Kelly Ann Grunther fund.
Oh, that is not true.
Kelly Ann Grunther... is... the person responsible for the Kelly Ann Grunther foundation.
Well, I guess she's just a very wealthy person that put up a lot of money, right?
Have you seen anything exciting to bid on?
Yes, I see Missy Cromwell put down for that.
You know, this is rather interesting. The Laureate Luncheon; break bread with three Nobel Prize winners. Drs. Alan Zafrin, Jane Randall and Terrance Quinn.
Yes, well he'll be at "Fiddlesticks" tomorrow at noon. Good luck to you, Niles. You know, they say Quinn is quite witty. In nuclear physics circles he is referred to as "the half life of the party."
What is it?
Yes, it sounds familiar to me too. Wait a minute, isn't he that young, ruthless software tycoon?
Well, it's no use competing with those deep pockets. But, you know, Niles, this vase here deserves a second look.
What a remarkable coincidence.
Oh, all right. I thought if you were bidding against a stranger you'd only go so high. But if you knew it was me, then your childish competitiveness would kick in.
No, I'm saving you from yourself.
She can't stand!
I asked.
You're right, Niles. I won't top it. I will DOUBLE it!
What? You didn't double it, you just added fifty dollars to it!
Yes, well at least dad didn't have to go into debt for his purchase.
What, Roz beat us back here?
That's a good question, Niles. Think back. What was the first thing you can remember us competing over?
Well, it was a lot more difficult for me, actually - you being her favorite.
Oh, don't be ridiculous, Niles. She adored you. Don't you remember the time you lost your tricycle? She actually took mine away from me and gave it to you.
I had a chronic ear infection that affected my balance.
Well, what did you expect her to do? You painted a little dog right on it.
Well, isn't this ironic? Both of us thinks the other one is the favorite when in fact neither of us was.
Oh Lord, yes. The angst we could have spared ourselves. Do you remember those IQ tests that we took?
Which we never found out, of course. Mom refused to tell us anything except that we were two points apart.
I was convinced you did.
Yes, she certainly was. She knew back then that we were both too childish and competitive to handle it.
You know what would be a sign of real growth, Niles?
Exactly. I mean, how often in life can you afford an opportunity to discover really how much you've evolved?
No, Dad. The IQ tests we did when we were children. Would you have saved those?
Oh Dad, why don't you just admit it? You're more of a sentimentalist then you let on.
Here it is, dad. Gosh, this is a virtual treasure trove memorabilia.
That's enough, Niles. Now where are you? Higher or lower?
Well, congratulations. I doff my hat to you, Mr. 131.
What do you mean, higher? Mom told us we were two points apart.
How tactful?
Gimme that!
156. My God, that's...
Yes, I know.
No, no, Dad. I'm fine about this. The entire point of this exercise was to prove that Niles and I have moved beyond our competitiveness. And we have. I'm very proud of my kid brother.
That's enough, Niles. You know, I suggest we go ahead and call it a night, Niles. We want to be nice and refreshed for our meeting with the three geniuses tomorrow. Oops, or in my case - the four geniuses.
Good night, Niles.
Sleep tight.
Daphne! Is that university library open all night?
Oh, for God's sake. Do you think I'm going to let my little brother humiliate me tomorrow?
Dad, he is smarter than I am. Niles will be sitting there rambling on to the geniuses about the cosmos, black holes, matter, antimatter, and I won't matter at all. I'm going to have to make myself a nice thermos full of coffee and get down to that library.
Just enough to ask some informed questions, Dad. I may not have a 156 IQ, but I'm a quick study. Daphne, is there something wrong with this coffee pot?
Well there, you won't have to tell me that again!
Hello, Niles.
Oh yes, like a baby!
How?
Niles, I'm so sorry. It's just that...
Good Lord, gesundheit!
I'm terribly sorry. It's just that I'm so insecure about even coming to this luncheon at all.
You just scratched your ear. You were at the library too!
The only thing that makes you sneeze and scratch your ear is your parchment mite allergy. So, that was you sneezing from behind the stacks all night.
Oh, stop showing off. You know, speaking accelerating particles, why don't you do something about that sneezing?
Niles, why don't you just go home and go to bed?
What did you just say?
That medication is affecting your speech, you've just taken a second dose of it. For God's sake, you're going to make a fool out of yourself.
I am not twitching, you will not psych me into twitching!
No, it's fine!
Yes, some coffee. Decaf!
Niles, you know what, you should leave. You're embarrassing yourself, for God's sakes
Well, now you're just hallucinating.
Niles, the beds were identical. Oh, why am I even bothering, explaining this to a man who has his elbow in the butter!
Niles, have you taken these pills before?
For God's sake, you've spilled water all over me, you jackass. Just give me another napkin.
Niles, wake up, wake up!
Oh, Dr. Zafrin. Goodness, this is quite an honour.
Allow me to introduce Dr. Niles Crane.
Oh, hello Niles, I'm surprised to see you up so soon. Are you all right?
Let me get you a little water, here.
Well, not too long. Nine thousand dollars doesn't buy the leisurely lunch it used to.
No, no, you knocked over the aquarium on the way out. You know, whenever I feel envy about your IQ again, I'll just conjure up the image of you sprawled out on the bed of live koi - weeping and desperately trying to revive that little plastic diver.
Right, Dad. Dad's having his poker chums over to give him a hand with the barbecue. You can give me a hand here.
Probably never, Niles. Whether it started with seeking Mom's approval or some other insecurity, we're locked in a pattern now that we'll probably never get out of.
No, no, not necessarily. There have been some benefits to it. I probably wouldn't have done so well at school if it hadn't had been for my fear that I'd be bested by my brainy little brother.
You know what, I might not have pushed myself on to Harvard and Oxford.
You see, Niles, frankly we both have a lot to thank each other for. We've come a long way from those two little boys just starving for a parent's approval.
Oh, just great, Dad. We're going as fast as we can. Here you are.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dad.
Yeah!
Oh well, it's a bit of an eyesore, and frankly kind of a fire hazard. But what the hell? It makes him happy.
It'll be gone by Thursday.
Niles, thank you for agreeing to meet me on such short notice, I swear I am in a full-blown crisis.
It's not the belt! My high-school reunion is tonight and you know my history.
It's not folderol!
It is not folderol! Every time my reunion comes around, it coincides with a severe downturn in my life. Five years ago Lilith divorced me; five years before that I was left at the altar; five years before that I fell face first into the poison ivy! And here we are right on schedule, I'm freshly fired!
The point is, in ten minutes I have an extremely important job interview - a job which I am eminently qualified for, but now I have no chance of getting.
Because destiny won't allow it! Destiny plans for me to walk into that reunion this evening the way I always do, the class loser! Pitied and shunned by everyone until I end up sitting with the most pathetic people there.
Worse! The chess club's barbershop quartet.
I swear to God, I feel like I have a curse on my head!
If this is a pep talk, would you kindly segue way to the peppy part?
Yes, I suppose.
Well, you're right, Niles. I should think positive. This interview will go just fine and so will this evening. All I have to do now is get a date - where the hell am I going to find a woman who's so desperate for an evening out she'd agree to go to someone else's reunion?
Hello, excuse me, I'm looking for Stephen Rugley's office.
Oh, splendid. Is it possible for you to fetch me a coffee before my interview?
Oh, better yet, make it a cup of Chamomile tea, a squirt lemon and a full teaspoonfull of honey.
Lord, it's nice to meet you. I'm terribly sorry.
Thank you.
I know, it's a bit risky. People have been commenting on it all day.
It makes a bold statement, but frankly I like it! I came through the park on the way over here and it caught the eye of many a young lady!
Oh God, my fly! I thought you were talking about my belt.
Oh, good. We haven't started yet! Well...
Oh, that's very gracious of you, Mr. Ugly. Oh, dear God, I just said...
Oh, I just said your name right now and it sounded like I called you Mr. Ugly. I assure you it won't happen again. It's just a matter of seperating the r's. Mr. Rug, Mr. Rug, Mr. Rug...
...ley. Mr. Rugley.
Really?
Well, let me say I applaud your judgement on that score. I mean, frankly, Dr. Wendy's saccharine style - it may be very popular, but you know, it's really not up to your standards, is it?!
Yes?
That'll be splendid, yes, thank you.
Nothing.
Yes, it is. I'm sorry, I was admiring it and it broke apart in my hands. But you know, if your child is anything like mine, he'd be delighted to make you a new one!
Well, I think you've got enough to go on. It was lovely meeting you.
Oh, well I'm going to have to rush if I'm gonna beat that tow-truck.
I was fine before you screamed, what the hell's wrong with you?
I was cleaning it, Niles. It's electric.
If I wanted to end my life I'd choose something faster than broiling.
Oh, it's alright, Dad. You know, things don't work out the way we'd like them to sometimes. Much like my strict, "No shopping trolleys in the apartment policy."
You know, Dad, I'm going down to pick up some cleaning supplies, I'll do it.
Oh God, no, I'm not going!
Because I'm cursed. If I wasn't convinced before today's interview, I certainly am now.
Believe me, dad. I have a better chance of being crowned "Miss Teen USA."
Oh, dear God!
Roz, I'm so sorry, I completely forgot to call and tell you that, well, we're not going!
Roz, I can't go. You see, I have a curse on my head.
All right, let's examine the evidence. Daphne, would you assist me, please? This is my school newsletter.
Go to page eight! Scott Alexander, what's he been up to?
Patsy Curds.
Won't they go green with envy when I top them all with this story of my life: Frasier Crane, unattached, unemployed and living with his father. He spends his days scrubbing his oven and is anxiously awaiting his upcoming tooth cleaning.
No, I tried sunny last time, you know where it got me? Table 97, singing "Goodbye my Coney Island Baby" with the Checkmates.
That's the mistake I always make. Thinking that this year it will be different, that I can beat the curse. Well, that's because it makes you think you can beat it but you can't! So, Roz, I apologize, I'll make this up to you some day. But right now, I'm going to go down to the store and run a little errand for my friend Eddie! And then I'm coming back home and spending the evening with Daphne, doing some light housework and listening to my new psychoanalysis tape: "Depression, Anxiety and Death" as read by the author himself, Stanislav Monk.
Excuse me, sir, there's a place to recycle those cans right over there.
On behalf of Mother Earth, I thank you!
That's the sort of person who drinks chocolate soda.
Yes. Percy Williams, ho-ho, good to see you. I suppose you're on your way to the reunion.
I couldn't make it this year myself. A little too much on my Plate, things have gotten crazy.
You did?
Yes, I know. The Scrap Foundation, it's very popular in my circle.
Me? Oh, that's very funny. The shopping cart with all the dog food. I'm afraid you're suffering from the wrong impression.
Oh, it's not mine. It's my father's.
No, really, you're mistaken: I'm not homeless. I live in that luxury building right there. Number 1901.
I don't need it. I drive a BMW, I collect African art.
I'm not proud.
I just threw out a $200 belt!
Hello, all.
Yes, well, not any more. I ran into Percy Williams down at the grocery store. He mistook me for a street person. If I don't get down there and defend myself he'll be passing around that rumor along with the Swedish meatballs.
Thank you.
Yes I do, Roz, and I will never ask you for another favor again - except could you possibly do something with your hair? It seems to be leaning.
I appreciate it, Roz, I really do. Daphne, could you please help Roz getting finished?
No, no, no, finish more. And... remember what I told you.
Trophy duchess! Niles, it's the only way to beat the curse.
I tried that, Niles, you see where that got me. The curse found a way to humiliate me in absentia. I've got to get down there.
I know it sounds foolish, Niles...
Oh, Roz, you look beautiful!
But we're not going!
It's got something to do with my personal growth. You see, I don't care about these people anymore and you know, I want them to know it.
Roz, technically you only did your hair once.
I have a pretty good idea.
Well, that was something.
My own television show!
Thank you, all.
It's a great opportunity, isn't it!
I will.
Hello, Niles.
Yes.
Yes, well, we just met. You see, the station is hiring another call-in psychiatrist for a one-week trial period, and they've asked me to choose among the finalists.
Niles, before you take out your utensil chamois, I've got to tell you I have another interview in just a few minutes, all right? Though it's going to be tough to top Dr. Edelstein.
What do you mean.
Your flattering analogy aside, Niles, I take it as a tribute. Obviously, the station is so pleased with my show that they're looking for more of the same. They could hardly ask me to do another three hours. Imagine how exhausting that would be.
Verdict?
Really?
Well, it suits you. Dashing, and yet understated, and, uh... oh, I give up, what are we talking about?
What stage, Research & Development?
Oh yes, of course. Welcome.
Oh, fawning is just fine. Fawning is fun!
No, no, this is my brother, Niles Crane. He was just about to leave.
Well...
Some are even friendlier. This is my producer, Roz Doyle.
Let's just hope that's a figure of speech, not a sales pitch. Well, Nora, please, please, do come in, make yourself at home. Here we are, get settled in. Here's your headset, of course the phone lines, everything's pretty self-explanatory, cough button, on-air button. Listen, I want you to remember it's all right to be nervous. Even my first show was a tad bumpy.
Yes, thank you, Kenny. As I recall, you weren't even here then.
I'll get out of your hair. Godspeed, Dr. Nora.
Oh, gosh, it's just so much fun to have a protégé. You see the way she behaves towards me? It's like a shy Japanese novice bowing before her Frasier sensei!
Stop it! Shh, she's about to start. I just want to catch the beginning, make sure she's got those first-show jitters under control.
Turn on the radio.
Just turn the radio on to KACL, please.
Oh, please. This is a woman who believes the Spanish Inquisition was just tough love for heretics!
Excuse me?!
Well, I think that explains our ninety dollar cable bill this month!
Well, I didn't know she was going to behave this way! She said all the right things at the interview.
Well, like it or not, I am responsible for her being here. I'll just have to have a talk with her. Tell her to soften her approach a bit before she alienates her entire audience. I mean, really, people can tell the difference between constructive criticism and outright abuse!
Until tomorrow, then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane.
Ah, Dr. Nora.
I have just one question—
I was going for the less feisty version.
Roz, Roz, stop it! I have to talk to Dr. Nora before her show. Now, just pencil the hair-pulling for later, all right?
Well, I don't even know where to begin.
Oh, really? And just how were you helping that poor, confused bisexual woman by calling her an "equal-opportunity slut?" You know, the worst thing about this is how you misrepresented yourself to get this job.
That thought never occurred to me!
Yes, well, you're just forgetting one thing, Dr. Nora. You are here on my recommendation, you may consider it withdrawn.
Ah, Kenny, just the man I wanted to see.
I want to talk to you about Dr. Nora's show.
I don't doubt it.
Excuse me?!
Kenny, you can't be serious about hiring that woman full-time! Putting that woman behind a microphone is like putting Typhoid Mary in a kissing booth!
Oh, Denise, burning bridges solves nothing. I'd like to suggest that you seek family counseling to help you and your mother get to the root of some of these issues, provided your mother's willing to cooperate. If not, perhaps individual counseling would help. Will you stay on the line so Roz can give you some numbers?
It's my pleasure. Well, I see through the glass that Dr. Nora either disagrees with me or has just eaten a bad clam. I'm sure she'll tell us which when the Dr. Nora show begins right after this traffic report from Chopper Dave.
Come on, Roz, hurry up. I'd like to get out of here before her trainer shows up with a bucket of live mice for her pre- show feeding.
That's my caller!
I don't believe this!
How dare you ambush Denise that way?
Ah, yes, sound effects! The therapist's best friend! You realize what you're doing is completely unprofessional? Denise called my show, she didn't ask for your opinion!
She cut me off! All right, let's just settle this. We don't like each other. But we're going to have to coexist here. So why don't we agree that I won't criticize you, and you won't criticize me. Do we have a deal?
No?!
I'm dangerous?!
I take it back! You're not unprofessional — you're a freaking loon!
All right, if it's war you two want, it's war you'll get! Right, Roz?!
Well, I suppose so, yes.
Roz!
Really?
What?
She's a GYM TEACHER!
Well, this is just dynamite, Roz!
Tomorrow, I am going to drop this little bombshell to start my show, and end hers!
Well, Dad, I don't intend to get into a feud with her. I just want to get her off the air.
You know, Roz, maybe they're right. I mean, look at what this woman has reduced me to already. Trading barbs, yelling over the air. Now I'm spreading rumors about her? Is that anyway for a psychiatrist to deal with conflict?
Now, Roz, just think about it. There may be a better way. You know, Dr. Nora is clearly a damaged and angry woman. Maybe I could find out what's at the root of that anger, and help her, also proving that my method of therapy is the more valid one.
Roz, stop it!
Yes, it did, didn't it? They've been estranged for years. You know, perhaps we could find the woman and discover what caused this rift between them.
Of course, it won't be easy. We don't even know if the woman's still alive.
Exactly.
Roz, did her mother get here all right?
Roz, Roz, please trust me, my way is better. Get in here.
Ah, Mrs. Mulhern. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, it's such a pleasure to meet you.
Well, I was so moved by your story. It's a joy to do this for you.
Well, tell her you shall. Roz?
No, although I do believe that a gifted therapist can help two people put aside their anger and heal the differences between them.
I have someone here with me today, someone you haven't seen for quite a while. There's something she'd like to tell you, something she's wanted to tell you for a very, very long time.
Mrs. Mulhern?
Mrs. Mulhern—
Mrs. Mulhern, please!
For God's sake, Nora, go to commercial!
I was trying to help! She seemed delightful on the phone!
Nora, I'm sorry!
Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane. I'm sure Dr. Nora's listeners join me in hoping she and her mother can resolve these differences very soon. They're off to a bit of a bumpy start—
But... at least the lines of communication are open!
Good morning, all. Say, Dad. You remember that woman I went out with on Valentine's Day but I wasn't quite sure if it was a romantic thing?
Yes, Cassandra Stone. Well, I asked her out again last night and I got my answer.
No, I'm not finished!
Yes, well that someone was me and I was full of it! Everyone, this is Cassandra.
Enough. This is Daphne Moon - my father's home health care worker.
Well, perhaps our own English muffin could fetch that for you.
Or I could get it-
Niles.
Well Niles, I'm afraid we may have to reschedule today. You see, I... had a date last night.
Keep thinking.
I tell you, Roz, the entire evening was pure magic.
Oh no, Roz, that was just the calm before the storm. I assure you, we are in the midst of a full-blown love hurricane.
Oh, sorry Roz, I have been monopolizing the conversation. So what's going on with you?
Yes, we're really hitting it off, I think...
Faye.
Oh my God, wow. Hi, it's been a while. Gosh, Faye Moskowitz, this is my producer, Roz Doyle. So what have you been up to?
Really? I didn't even know you'd gone.
I'd love to.
Of course.
What are you doing?! I can't have coffee with her.
I'm seeing Cassandra, for God's sakes. I can't date two people at once.
Roz!
No...
Well, that sort of lifestyle is all right for some people, but not for me. I'm a one-woman man... if that!
Well, that's easy for you to say. How do you tell somebody that you're attracted to them but you just can't sleep with them?
Oh, good morning.
Dad, Daphne, you remember Faye.
Well if it is: Que Seurat, Seurat.
Yeah.
I haven't dumped anyone.
No, I didn't intend to. It's just that - well, I ran into Faye yesterday and I was about to tell her about Cassandra. It's just that we were enjoying our coffee so much that coffee turned into dinner, and then dinner turned into drinks, and then drinks turned into, well... coffee again!
Damn! I completely forgot I rescheduled squash with Niles. Don't be angry at me for still being in my robe.
Cassandra. What a surprise.
Oh, isn't that thoughtful of you.
Cassandra! You know, I'd love it if you could stay; It's just that I've got to go and pick up my brother for a game squash.
Well, isn't that a timesaver! You know, I've still got to go get dressed anyway, and I'll just see you back at the station?
This is a disaster!
Morning.
Uh, we just noticed there's a nest of baby hummingbirds on the balcony. And we're just keeping our voices down. You run along.
Yes, well they're-they're Himalayan mountain hummers.
Very rare. Bye bye.
I was just standing guard. The door is... lock's broken and sometimes Dad just wanders in.
Right.
Aren't I going to get a hug first?
Oh yes, it's just so hard to say goodbye to you.
Well, time's a wasting, off you go, bye-bye!
Oh, for God's sakes... oh, I'm just not up to this sort thing - what made me think I could juggle?
Yes, thank you, Dad! You see, my problem is that each of them appeals to different sides of my personality. Faye is artistic and cerebral and cultured, and Cassandra is passionate and fun and spontaneous.
Yes, well my point is that I'm really torn here. I feel as if I honestly cannot choose.
Niles, you're actually going to flip a coin? The decision cannot be made that simply.
Enough, Dad!
Niles, you're right, I do - Cassandra.
Thank you, thank you, Niles. Wow, what a relief. You know, my life was perfectly happy before Faye came back, you know? Yes, yes, it's Cassandra - she's the one. Next time I see Faye I'll just have to tell her it's over. Oh gosh, Niles, I'm sorry - I'm afraid we've lost our court again. Do you mind if we reschedule it just once more?
Oh, morning, Dad.
Not really.
Me too.
Niles.
Glad you're here. Look, I'm so sorry about this morning.
Oh.
Yes, and I also recall that that record comes with an asterisk: I believe his streak was interrupted by World War Two.
Can I have my usual, please?
Well, actually I almost made a terrible mistake. Last night, I was prepared to break things off with her - and then suddenly we fell into this marvelous conversation about architecture. And as it turns out, she detests the design of the Bilbao art museum as much as I do.
Yes, exactly! Well, you know, Cassandra is a wonderful woman. But, well, Faye and I have a, a deeper connection - and to be fair, actually, she was the first to plant her flag on "Terra Frasier."
Yes, all right!
Oh, there's Cassandra. I asked her here for coffee - I was going to tell her that we can't see each other any longer.
Thank you, thank you, Niles.
Cassandra.
Hi.
Really?
Well, that's not always a good thing.
Actually, I-I wanted to talk to you about our relationship. You see, I...
You see, there comes a time in every relationship when you have to decide...
You have?
Really?!
No, no, no, no, actually, not at all.
Anyway, what I wanted to say was that- well, how long you been seeing this other fellow?
No, no, no, no. Actually, I was about to say- well, uh, what does he do?
Oh really, seems a little unfocused, doesn't he?!
No, no, no, no.
Believe me, I am not jealous of Sloan! If anything, I pity the man who has to go through life with a pretentious name like that!
Alright, fine, fine. You know what, let's just drop the whole thing, alright?
Cassandra, I want us to be exclusive!
Yes well, I'm the kind of person who can make a decision and commit to it. And I was hoping that you might be that sort of person too.
Oh, that's wonderful - oh my god, that means we can spend the night together.
Niles, I almost made a terrible mistake.
Actually, when Cassandra told me that she was seeing somebody else, it awakened something in me.
No! The realization that I couldn't bear to lose her.
No, no, I won't. I'll prove it to you. Cassandra is the one! I'm sure of it.
Oh, her machine. Yes, Faye - it's Frasier. Uh, listen, I won't be able to join you for dinner tonight, but perhaps you could call me later - we need to talk. There, I've done it. Nothing says, "It's over between us" quite like the phrase "we need to talk." You see, that was my problem, actually - I kept leaving the door open.
Thank you.
Nine AM, my place.
I'm ecstatic.
Oh, really?
What a relief this is. I've made my choice. Look at her, I've found an angel... an angel who wears an awful lot of makeup. I've never noticed that before. Faye doesn't paint her face up like that.
That sounds lovely. My, she uses the word "cute" a lot. I'm cute, this café is cute, now the bed is cute. Faye used the word "jejeune" last night.
God, all she talks about is work, work, work. And now I'll see her every morning before work, and at work, and after work. I feel trapped! Can't breathe... Wait! What are you doing? It's just your fear talking. She's a wonderful woman. She's the one. She's perfect!
Cassandra... we need to talk.
Faye, hi. Uh, look, we-we really need to talk.
Yes, well I just had some unfinished business with the promotions department, but that's all done now.
No, no, you look beautiful. Listen, Faye: I-I want us to be exclusive.
Yes, I want to take our relationship to the next level. I just want to be with you.
Really? I had no idea.
Oh God, so it's just you and me. God, this is exhilarating.
What is she thinking with that ridiculous shirt? Tie-dyed?! Stop it, Frasier. You can't do this to yourself. This is nothing more than the natural panic of finally making your choice.
That is so precious. And so is she, precious. My Faye - Faye, as in Faye-vourite. This feels so much better now that I've relaxed. I was about to doom this whole relationship with my neurotic nitpicking. But it's clear sailing now.
Well, it certainly ended well. Although something funny did happen at the station – it was during the second hour of my show...
(sotto voce) "This is a disaster!"
Good show today, Roz.
Say, why all the catalogues?
Tiffany, Cartier, Neiman Marcus...
Well, let's see. Who could we be shopping for? Hmm, perhaps a honey-voiced radio therapist who's birthday's just around the corner?
Oh all right, Roz, don't be coy. I think it's very smart you fishing for hints like this - you wanted to avoid a misstep like you made last year.
Yes, I said the opera, not the porcelain crying crown figurine!
All right, fine.
Have it your own way, that's fine. But I tell you what, don't get him a porcelain Pagliacci. He already has one!
Hi, Dad.
Donny? Are you sure?
Dad, I'm shocked!
About Daphne and Donny. I didn't realize they were this serious.
This is going to crush Niles.
Do you think we should tell him?
No Daphne, there is absolutely no news.
That is the news!
I guess we're going to have to prepare Niles now, he's on his way over here.
I guess I could tell him at the restaurant.
Wherever it is, I just think it's best that Niles hears it from me and not from Daphne.
I'll tell you at the restaurant.
You're just going to have to wait.
Niles, wait. The truth is: Daphne's...
Yes. Tragic, isn't it? You know, she's going to need all the support that we can give her.
Well, come on, Niles, we don't want to lose our table.
You know, maybe Daphne could use a little quiet time.
Do you want to talk?
Of course, Niles, but if you need me - call.
Oh, he'll be all right, Dad. You know, Niles is a lot stronger than we give him credit for.
Hello? Hold the elevator, I'll be right there.
What's Eddie doing?
Don't tell me what?
It's my car again, isn't it!
What vision?
Are you seriously going to dump Donny because of some psychic vision, don't you think that's a little unwise?
Niles knows about this?
Yes, he's been trying to unwrap it for six years!
That'll be Donny.
Obviously there's some psychological reason that she's having second thoughts. It's got nothing to do with an apparition in a red bow tie.
Niles, you jackass, will you take that thing off!
Yes, I know. Daphne told us how you encouraged her to follow her vision and dump Donny. I am astonished at your lack integrity! Now will you take that damn thing off! What the hell did you hope to accomplish with that anyway?
Surely, you of all people realizes that there is some psychological basis for these visions of hers. It represents a fear of some kind. A fear of intimacy, a fear of commitment, a fear of the Windsor Knot, who knows?
Oh no, just Niles, Daphne. You know, we were just discussing these visions of yours.
I'm not mocking you, Daphne, and I'm not trying to influence you in anyway, either. It's just that I was wondering... um, have these psychic warnings ever come to you before - say, at a critical juncture in a relationship?
But you dumped Clive.
Oh yes, no fear of commitment there.
Niles, the fact is you don't know what causes these visions, and yet you still advised her to walk away from a wonderful relationship. It doesn't make you much of a psychiatrist.
Yes well, here's a second opinion: it doesn't make you much of a friend.
Are you actually looking for the TV Guide?!
You really do have the world on a string, don't you, Dad?
She'll be out in a minute.
Sherry.
Donny, I think it would be best...
Oh, we're just so happy for you.
Yes, champagne, let me help you.
Oh Niles, I'm so sorry...
Ah, Niles. Armani? At eight in the morning on a Sunday?
Oh, well then, the worst you're out is a cup of clear broth.
Well, we got in kind of late. We took a long walk after dinner.
Oh, Niles, put that down.
Dad, please, there's no need for Niles to feel awkward. You're here. It's not like he's some third wheel.
Yes, of course.
Well, who could forget? We talked about it long after.
Well, I'm sorry, Dad. I didn't realize you were seeing Bonnie.
Well, no.
I don't care. I prefer Faye. I had to make a choice, no matter how much fun it was dating two beautiful women.
So, Bonnie, I see you've met Cassandra.
Oh, Lord, I'm sorry. Faye!
Uh, my... Aunt Cassandra. Yes, that must be the-the connection. See, you remind me a bit of her. She was an angel, wasn't she, Dad?
Now Niles, listen, just relax. There's no cause for an anxiety attack.
Breathe into this!
Well, you threw him some real curves there.
All right! You know, if anybody's hungry, we've got plenty goodies here from Le Cigare Volante. Cassandra's the pastry chef there.
I'm so sorry! God, I did it again. I guess I must have her name on my mind.
Faye! Oh, Faye...
That's it for today. This is Dr. Frasier Crane saying goodbye, and good mental health.
Nice job there, Roz. Could you please try to find some callers that have real psychological problems?
I meant during the show, thanks. Yeah, Dad, hi. What, again? Oh, that's the third time he's cancelled this week. You know, he's been so lonely you'd think he'd be glad for my company. Well, all right, no matter. I guess I'll see you home in a while. Oh, I don't know, later. Oh, maybe an hour, two hours, I don't know! Oh, for God's sake, well just hang a tie on the door if you're so worried about it!
Yeah, Roz. I was thinking about something. You know, it's funny how loneliness can make people behave in strange ways.
Oh, you know, do things that are sort of rash, and act out character.
Roz!
What are you talking about?
No! What happened?
Roz! Stay right here. Now you listen to me, I am your friend, you know that. I would never judge you. Now, just how... stupid and lonely were you?
Oh my God! You've slept with Noel.
All right, just tell me. Who was it?
Roz, Roz, listen, we've all been there. Come on. You were just looking for a little comfort. It's all right. No reason to beat yourself up about it.
Bulldog?!
I'll just leave you two alone.
Hello, all.
Hello, Donny. I hope I didn't come home at an inconvenient moment.
Yes, they were.
Daphne, why are you wearing that rubber glove?
With just one?
Oh, yes.
Yes, of course. Let me just call Niles first. He cancelled on me again today.
Well, perhaps you'd be so kind as to bring the couch along.
Yes, Daphne?
Well, where was the last place you saw it?
Daphne, you can't go around hiding your hand forever. You're gonna have to tell him. He's a reasonable man, he'll understand.
Thank you.
You know, Daphne, if that ring never turns up, that chicken works, too. Just see how it catches the light.
Hello? Niles? It's Frasier. Yes, listen, I've tried you at your office, I've tried you at home, now I'm calling your cell phone. If I don't reach you now I'm actually going to get very worried about you.
Yes, hello, is Niles Crane there, please?
I'm just trying to reach him, Dad.
Dad, please, I'm on the phone!
Dad?
Dad, it's me.
Just hang up the phone. For God's sake, it must be Niles's cell phone. Gee, that's strange. He's never without that phone.
And what's more, he's been avoiding me for the last three days.
Well, I just hope he hasn't done something foolish. Remember he was having brunch with Maris on Sunday.
Well, you know, Dad, he is broken-hearted. People in his condition have a tendency to run back to their exes. A lonely man clinging to an available warm body. Well, course in Maris's case, that's just an expression.
Yeah, I hope you're right. Say, didn't you have plans today with Bonnie?
Really? What happened?
You're kidding.
Dad, may I remind you that not a holiday goes by that you don't dress that dog up in some sort of ridiculous hat?
That's because they've seen him in his hats and they think he's crazy!
It's Niles's cell phone. Hello? Niles Crane's... phone. Yes, it's his brother. I'll be glad to tell him. Thank you.
Well. That was St. Pierre jewelers. The diamond earrings Niles ordered are ready.
Uh-huh. From Maris's favorite jeweler. You know what, he's obviously too afraid to tell us that he's run back to her.
We've got to track him down and talk some sense into him. I'll tell you what, we'll head over to the Montana, and if he's not there, we'll go to Maris's.
Dad, this is not about what you or I want, this is about what Niles needs! For God's sakes, the man is devastated, he's vulnerable. We need to rally around him and show him our support.
We had our girlfriends over!
Dad, what are you doing back there? What are you so worried about?
Niles!
Niles, where have you been? You haven't been answering any of my calls.
No. I want to talk to you right now.
Niles, I know how difficult the last three weeks have been for you. I'm sorry, you are making a big mistake. This is NOT the way to handle it.
How did this whole thing even get started?
Your jeweler called. Your diamond earrings are ready.
No! Niles, we're not going anywhere. You may consider this a full-blown intervention. We're not leaving until you have got some self-respect back!
You might also want to get some graham crackers.
How do you do?
You know, this is sort of a surprise, I guess. We didn't expect to see the two of you together.
So, Niles, you haven't seen Maris then since Sunday?
Niles, pick up, will you? It's Frasier. All right, fine. Call me later. I don't even know why I bother anymore. He doesn't pick up phones these days, just waitresses.
That's exactly what I'd expect to hear from someone who's willing to spend the night as Bulldog's squeak toy.
You're right, I'm sorry, that was tactless of me. Tell you what, let me make it up to you. I've got an extra theater ticket tonight. Faye's busy, why don't you join me?
No, please, Roz. It's a delightful little show. I'll even throw in dinner.
Really. A date?
Bulldog!
Yes you can, Roz.
Roz, it's Bulldog! Doesn't that bother you?
Bulldog.
Yes. But high marks on that cryptic cover story.
Oh, that's beautiful, Roz.
What?
They finally opened that new Hooters out by the airport?
Roz, didn't your mother warn you that sex could lead to things like dating?
What?
Oh, Bulldog, I'm so sorry. Are you all right?
No, no, not at all. Here.
Daphne! Morning, Dad.
Daphne, please. Donny's not here. Will you just take your hand out of the bag?
I was just undressing to take my bath, when I sat on the edge of the tub and landed... on this.
It very nearly was.
No, no, no, you go rinse off this doodle dust first.
Yes, and I also did myself a little favor as well. Can you imagine what conclusions Faye might have jumped to had she found this engagement ring in my room?
Well, actually, uh...
Well, they're love beads, honey! Oh God, will you take this thing?
Yes, and that robe is available for purchase in the gift shop.
As long as we're tying up loose ends here, I was just wondering, what was your ring doing on the edge of my Jacuzzi tub, right next to my favorite scented candle – which was burned down to the wick?
If only you could replace the image. Next time, if you don't mind, will you just turn down the temperature a little?
Well, you're up early.
Oh, well then, let me get them for you. I can offer you a pastry, courtesy of Le Cigare Volant.
Oh, yes.
You may have to return the favor.
No, Niles, not at all, just... Well, all right. Don't you think you two are going just a bit quickly?
Will you stop talking like that? I'm just a little concerned, Niles. You met this girl last week, she's spent every night with you, now you're giving her the keys to your apartment?
Jealous?
Her name is Faye! And I am not jealous, I'm just a little worried about you. I'm afraid you might get hurt.
Well, frankly, you couldn't be acting more like a child. You think I don't know the real reason you came over here? It wasn't to get your keys, it was to show off Lolita's kid sister out there. The two of you have absolutely nothing in common.
Bye.
Oh, Niles? I'm sorry, I take it back. You do have something in common.
Isn't that a darling sight? Time was when a waitress said, "Can I warm that up for you?" she was talking about your coffee. How was your date with Bulldog last night?
Oh, Roz...
Yeah, well, good luck getting a cup of coffee. You know, it's the funniest thing. He really does look happy, doesn't he?
Maybe you're right. Do you realize that this is the first time in recent history that all three Crane men have been in happy relationships? Maybe I should be celebrating that fact rather than being such a buzz kill.
Oh, Roz, plug in. Hi, honey, it's Frasier. Listen, I just read a marvelous review of this charming boite out in Freemont and I thought to myself, "that is a place that Cassandra would just love," so-
Not now, Roz, please.
Oh, dear God, I'm- My producer Roz informs me that I just called you Cassandra. I'm sorry, I don't know why I keep doing this. I know that you're Faye. Fabulous Faye! Forever Faye! Call me, Faye. It is one syllable! What the hell is wrong with me?
Well, I'm glad to see that you think it's funny.
Oh, uh, Bulldog, hi. You know what? You may have my seat. I'm going to sit over there.
Oh, hey, Dad.
You okay?
Oh, gee. I'm so sorry. What happened?
Excuse me?
But Eddie's a boy dog and Lady's a... well, a lady.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I know, I know, I know. Was he wearing a hat?
No, Dad, please, come back...
Hi, honey.
Oh, great. Oh, Roz, you remember... Faye!
No, no. Why would you think such a thing?
Oh, I'm so sorry. I don't know why it keeps happening. You just have this remarkable resemblance to-
I have got to stop saying Cassandra!
Oh, Niles, hi. Listen, Niles, I want to apologize for getting upset this morning. I've been giving it some thought and I think maybe Kit is just what the doctor ordered.
And no strings? Just fun, right? That's what she says.
Yes, I do.
Absolutely not.
Excuse me?
Oh, gosh. I'm so sorry, Niles. You going to tell her now?
Niles, they're strangers. It's all right, Niles. Let's just pick this up, shall we?
I'm not really sure, actually. Just give me a minute, will you?
Niles!
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. I'm pretty much exiled from Le Cigar Volant with Faye working there.
Thank you.
Dad! What are you doing here?
Well, come join us here on Elba.
Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with me. I seem incapable of maintaining a relationship. I date a nice girl like Faye, things seem to be working out, and I seem to find a way to blow it. It seems to be the pattern of my life. Well, except with Lilith. She was just nuts.
All I can conclude is that I must have some deeper issues with women that manifest themselves in my behavior. The trick is to pinpoint them.
That's not a bad idea, Niles. Stephen Bachman is at the absolute pinnacle of psychodynamic research. Perhaps we should see him.
Yeah. Shouldn't take more than a year or so...
Maybe Dad's right. We do tend to over-analyze things.
That's all right, buddy-
Dad, this is ridiculous.
I'll walk away from you if I want to! It's my house!
Yes, well if you had labeled the cassette "Rodeo Bloopers", I wouldn't have taped over it, I would have thrown it away!
Dad, I'm sorry.
You know, it's just that I've been so tense lately, being out of work.
Yeah, well I suppose that during this little in-between-jobs period, we should just try to be extra careful not to get on each other's nerves.
Good. Dad, what's this?
Rebecca Wendell! Oh my God!
Not just a model, Dad, a lingerie model! I met her at the symphony. Wow, this is amazing! When did this come in?
I was here an hour ago.
That didn't stop you yesterday when you came in to ask me if a peach smelled funny! For God's sake, Dad...
Ah, it's her machine. Well, thanks a lot, Dad! I've been looking forward to this for months!
Oh, for God's sake, the two things have no comparison whatsoever...! Hello, Rebecca, it's Frasier. Sorry I missed you. Please try again. Uh, bye. Well, I hope you're happy! Now I have to sit here all afternoon waiting for the phone to ring!
Oh, that's rich coming from you! A man who’s spent the last five years welded to his aptly named Lay-Z-Boy!
I haven't finished talking to you, yet!
As usual, running away from the problem!
Oh, hello Niles.
I think at the market. Hello, Dad.
Look, let's just drop it, all right? All's well that end's well, and this afternoon ended very well indeed.
Mm-hmm. Just after you left, actually. We spoke for about an hour, and we're having dinner on Saturday night.
Actually, Dad, on that score, uh, you could make yourself scarce that night.
Well, have some confidence in me, Dad, it won't take me that long.
Well, you know, I know I've been out of sorts lately, Dad, but I hope I haven't made you feel unwelcome...
Still, maybe you should sleep on it for tonight...
Well, I am sorry, Niles. I guess I haven't been seeing this from your angle.
And quite a little angle it is, too.
Hi, Dad. Hi, Niles. Forgive me, I know how annoying it can be to drop by without calling first.
That's how I know. Hello, Eddie. Got a little surprise for you, something you left at the house. There you are.
Don't worry, Niles, you'll get used to it. Oh, and Dad, I've got a little surprise for you as well. Just a minute. All right, boys, bring it on in here.
Yes, and finally so is mine!
Well, that's certainly the goal, Niles, but you can't hit that bulls eye every time.
Niles, he's only been here for eight hours.
Daph...
Well, good news on the job front?
Well, normally I'd say "Break a leg", but...
Oh, dear God.
Oh, my God! Dad!
What happened?
Well, no, not deliberately, but maybe he was acting on an unconscious level.
Oh. Well, then just-just skip it, Dad.
No, no. It's just that... well, sometimes, when the motivation is strong enough, the unconscious can cause a person to act in ways that the conscious would find unthinkable.
...Ah, it's a crazy theory. I'm sorry I even brought it up. You know what? I, uh, I think I'll be off now. Off to my bachelor pad, I have a date with a lingerie model. Ha, ha, ha... "bachelor pad, lingerie model" - the sweetest words in the English language.
Wait. We have a tie!
Dad! Good lord, what are you doing here?
Now? It's not a good time.
Well, yes, yes, I know it's a little unsettling the way he changes into that Chinese dressing gown after dinner, but you'll get used to it.
Oh, Dad, that's preposterous.
Can't we talk about this in the morning? Believe me, there is no way your own flesh and blood would try to hurt you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
All right, all right, just hurry it up, will ya?
Daphne! What is going on?
Well, actually, I'm waiting for a date!
Oh, good lord. Is everything all right?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, Daphne, oh, I'm sorry. Listen, you're going to be just fine. You know, transitions are always difficult. The trick is just not to rush them.
Niles! What the hell are you doing here?!
All right, Niles, before you go on, let me just say one thing.
Get out!
Get out! Niles!
Oh, God. Well, we certainly do have a lot to talk about. I tell you what: let's all meet at Niles's for breakfast tomorrow.
All right Dad, Daphne, go in shifts then. You first.
So long. Eddie, you too, shake a leg mister. Let's go, outta here, move it, move it, move it.
Oh, Niles, I did no such thing. I simply advanced a theory, I had no idea he would take it to heart.
Please, Niles, surely it's occurred to you that your desire for Daphne's forcing you to behave in very strange ways. Or do you shove Dad down the stairs every day?
Oh, Niles, any psychiatrist worth his salt knows that there are no accidents. No one would do something like that, however unconsciously, unless they stood to gain from it.
Oh, dear!
Oh, my God!
Dad, don't worry about it. Niles has that nice comfy bed you can recuperate in.
All right, just hold it! Nobody's canceling anything! For God's sake, the man just fell down a flight of stairs today, he could hardly have been hurt worse stumbling in a carpeted hallway!
Get up, ya big crybaby! No pain, no gain.
Oh, Dad, boo-hoo! I want you out of here! I don't care if you have to crawl like a bog turtle!
Oh, Rebecca. I didn't see you standing there. Why don't you just step on over my father, help yourself to some wine?
Oh, no, Rebecca, you don't understand. It's not the way it looks. He's very resilient! He's been shot before!
Yes. Just give me... a moment.
All right, bring him in.
Well, I better be heading out. Niles and I are meeting for dinner, and then we have tickets to the theatrical event the season.
Yes, Sir Trevor Aimsley in "Tears of the Mariner."
It promises to be a very exciting evening. You see, Seattle is Sir Trevor's last stop on his farewell tour. After this, he's retiring from the stage forever.
No, no, Dad, please. I have carefully avoided all the reviews of this play. I do not want to hear about it before I see it.
Oh, hello Daphne.
Well, good heavens, it's kind of hard to tell. You've got your back turned to the camera, your skirts blown up around your... Oh, well, it must've been rather blustery out.
Yes, we get it.
She certainly does.
Niles, will you just stop it? The dinner was just fine.
I'm sure it was just a mix-up.
Oh, Niles.
You can still send money to the children.
Oh, Niles. Well, at least you don't have to worry about that tonight. After you.
What? But they say for the sixteenth, that's the sixteenth right there, that's today.
I'm so sorry, Niles.
Yes, even mezzanine.
Niles, Niles, Niles! I will make a simple phone call and we'll get house seats for tomorrow night, all right?
Good luck!
Oh, Niles.
Actually, Niles...
Yes, about the tickets...
Just haven't been able to get them yet...
Niles, please.
Please, just calm down. I've made a few well placed calls, I haven't heard back from a couple of people. Someone will call.
Niles, please, just relax. One way or another, we are going to get tickets to this play.
Dad, you don't understand. You see, this isn't just about the play. This is literally our last opportunity to see one of the finest actors of our time.
Of course. That's the transcendent part.
Hello? ... Yes, I'll hold. It's Cleo Fenwick.
Yes, you remember her, she's on the board of the theater. You've seen her: bad eye-job, dowager's hump you could cross the Sahara on. Hello, Cleo, you lovely thing. Uh-huh. Oh, well, you're a dear for trying. Thanks. Oh, don't despair Niles, I'm getting another call. Hello? Yes, Dora! Yes, uh-huh. Too bad. Well, thank you. Yeah, oh, that is a wonderful idea, yes I will! Thank you, bye-bye.
Yes, she said I should call Cleo Fenwick.
Niles, there is another way.
Yes. I know it's a calculated risk. It is a little uncertain.
Niles, what other choice do we have?
Yes, I know. Their Sunday brunches are a Who's Who Seattle's elite.
Roz. What are you doing here?
You refer to the world's greatest living actor as...
I knew you were bleaching them.
"No, really, I just changed toothpastes."
Oh, Susan.
I feel just... Look at us. Blocking these poor unfortunates who couldn't get tickets.
Curtain going up, shall we?
You'll have to forgive my brother. You see, he's too ashamed to admit he's just waiting for one last cigarette. It's all right, Niles, you go right ahead, I'll just see the Kendalls in.
Enjoy.
Well, this is just perfect. Not only are we missing the play, but now we have to hang around here until intermission, so they don't catch on to us.
Niles! They're coming out. Come on, let's blend in.
Niles, what are you doing?
Yes, I remember watching you from the petrified audience. Come on. Oh, there they are, let's go.
Never mind that, Niles. The Gornleys are not coming back. Let's go sneak into their seats and watch the second act.
Oh, I beg your pardon?
Well, you know, I think we, I left our coats in our seats and our stubs are in the coats.
I'll...have to check the seating chart.
Well, yes, yes, my brother just needed to have one last cigarette.
Yes, really, Niles, I do wish you'd quit. I'm begging you.
Yes, well, if we don't see you after, have a lovely evening.
Niles, are you insane? We know absolutely nothing about the damn play! How can we possibly talk with this man? For God's sake, I just wish I'd read that review in yesterday's paper.
I might. Dad lets the papers pile up for days sometimes. You know what? We've got just enough time to go there and get back. Let's go!
See, I told you it was the other way.
God!
Dad, we're looking for yesterday's paper.
Oh Dad! That review you were reading yesterday, "Tears the Mariner." Do you remember it?
Just concentrate: What was the play about?
Good! Good, then what?
Dad! That is "Pride of the Yankees"!
Let me see: "Trevor Aimsley's bravura performance in 'Tears of the Mariner' qualifies him as an..." Yes, blah blah blah, blah blah blah, continued on page A-sixteen.
Daphne! Her picture must have been on the other side. It may still be here, she was going to mail it to her mother.
Yes, well someone snapped a candid photo of her in the park. If you ask me, it was not her most flattering angle, but I'm sure you would disagree.
Carefully... Oh, what the hell, I'll buy her flowers.
Daphne, let me explain...
You don't understand. I just wanted to...
No, I am not happy, I am mortified! How did you know that? I keep my hair dye in the false bottom of my cufflink box.
Oh, we haven't got time for this! We've to get down to that party!
Shut up.
Shut up!
Whatever you do, don't get specific about the play. That's the mistake you made last year when you lied about having seen "The Silent Echo." All that yammering on about how the play had third act problems. It fooled no one.
Well, for starters, "The Silent Echo" doesn't have a third act.
It's an honor.
Huge, yes.
Oh, oh yes. So true.
Right. Well, you, of course, were brilliant.
Well, it, uh... of course I could discuss subtext, metaphor and imagery with you, but you see, I, I come to the theater to feel. To be moved, and that is exactly what happened to me tonight.
When? Well, let me see...uh, um, well, there was that, uh, the gutting the fish scene. You make the most heart-breaking gesture... It was, uh, you know, the one with, with your hands...
Yes, it's even more moving the second time. Well, who knows why a, a moment like that touches us so. You see, that is your gift, Sir Trevor. You've given us hundreds moments. Moments so real, so compelling that we are revealed in their truth.
Oh, yes, bravo for us!
Do you realize what we missed tonight? A potentially life-changing experience in the theater. And why? Because we were too embarrassed to be seen in a cancellation line.
We weren't thinking. Come on, let's get out of here.
Oh, Susan, I'm so sorry, but we can't stay.
Well, send him our apologies. It really was wonderful to meet him.
Yes, but I'm afraid that we...
Well, how's that for irony?
Not anymore. We've got a damn sight too much integrity. Although... Are we being selfish?
Here's my thinking. Why do shallow people remain that way? The lack of positive influence.
Yes! We can be like those politicians who try to change the system from within.
Well now we HAVE to go.
I'm going to wear my new Prada suit.
See that, Roz? The public still craves the kind of excitement that only Frasier Crane can provide. Roz!
Well, the acorn certainly doesn't fall far from the...
Yes, you know, next time maybe you should try feeding first and dressing second.
Well... on the plus side, it does divert the eye from the blueberries in your teeth.
Of course you can.
No, no, no, Roz, please! Just check your teeth, put your jacket on and I swear you'll look every inch the smart career gal on the go. There.
Hi, Dad. So, what brings you here?
Well, I had kind of a rough night at the wine club. During the blindfolded tasting, I gave four stars to a Mexican Zinfandel.
Yes, well, I know how long, and this isn't the way to cheer me up.
Dad, blind dates remain the refuge of the lovelorn.
She was six years old!
Yes, well I have SEEN Duke, and unless he sired a love child with Catherine Deneuve, I don't like my odds.
Bonjour.
Well, yes. A little something I like to call "Crane Brûlée."
Is everything all right there?
Yes, I noticed that earlier with the asparagus.
Oh, we all have our little idiosyncrasies. How is your mother, anyway?
Well, you know, we're all striving to have what we call "normal relationships," but who really knows what normal is? You can move it back now.
What do you say we have our wine out on the balcony?
Yes, you haven't had a chance to see the view.
You're afraid of heights, aren't you?
Not at all.
Yes, I suspect that will help a lot. You know, very often, the key to mental health is distancing ourselves from our parents.
I had to do a little dry run earlier, wanted to make sure my caramelizer wasn't on the fritz.
Dad!
I think you've spread enough pixie dust for one evening, Dad. Thank you.
All right.
You're quite welcome, Marie. Perhaps you can offer me a little insight as well: will this be our only night together, or will I see you again?
Oh. Well, then you have a nice life.
That is a terrifying nightmare. Are there any other figures in the rumpus room?
Oh, oh.
Oh, of course. I thought it was the opera tonight.
Yes, well I was under duress. You had a loofah to my head.
Oh, Niles, you just missed Duke's daughter.
Isn't she, though? You know, the insecure part of me is having trouble figuring out why she's going out with me. She could have her pick of men. And I am a little older, haven't been to the gym as often as I should, and you can feel free to contradict me anytime you like, Niles.
Yes, well, whatever the reason, we certainly have the most wonderful time together. We have the greatest discussions. Oh, I've been helping her sort through some of her issues.
Yes, it's a very complex relationship with her mother, giving rise to several striking phobias, recurring dreams, the most charming little obsessive-compulsive disorder.
What are you suggesting, Niles? That Marie is going out with me just to get free therapy?
It's a mean-spirited thought! Marie is not using me. She would want me just as much even if I weren't a psychiatrist. You know, you're jealous! You're jealous that I'm having sex! Jealous that I'm having hot, passionate, sweaty jungle sex! What are you having?!
Well, yes, I'd say it is.
No, no, I was just so enjoying our museum chat and I was wondering how we got onto the subject of mothers.
Yes, yes, I'm sorry. I guess I'm just a bit tense.
Oh, really, well all right. If you think that will help.
Yes, well you say that now, in six weeks you'll be telling me to lose weight. The Whistler, I know, I know. Gosh isn't it great that we both enjoy art so much? I could just talk about it all night.
Oh, you know, I couldn't help notice you staring at that riverscape. You couldn't take your eyes off it.
Oh, yes, yes. The dream, being pursued by the hunter and the arrows...
Well, uh, you know, I don't really feel like I'm up to talking about that now. Do you think we can do it some other night?
Oh, well, I, uh, I enjoyed it. I was also enjoying what you were doing just now.
Oh, well then let me do you, then.
I thought you were gonna spend the night.
You know, about that dream, uh, I did have one thought.
Yes. Forest imagery...very often represents our most primal emotions. Hence its frequent use in fairy tales. Which could be a link to your childhood.
You have a therapist?
It's all over.
Well, of course, Niles. And I'm sorry about yesterday.
Niles, Marie and I broke up.
I broke up with her. But thank you for the daily shot in the arm of confidence.
Dad, listen, I'm terribly sorry. I don't mean to cause a rift between you and your friend, but I couldn't continue with it. You see, once I confirmed that Marie was primarily interested in me as a sounding board for her problems, I just had to end it. Just as Niles suggested I should.
Yes, Dad, I get it.
You know, maybe there's still time to win her back.
I don't know, Dad. Maybe if I just explain to her what really happened, she'll forgive me. Sometimes the best apology is just the truth.
Well, not that truth. Some other truth.
Evening Dad.
Yes. It's just fabulous. You get to cook your own food on this little grill that's right in the center of the table. It splatters a little bit, but you know, that's what makes it fun.
Right. I tell you what, just use the phone in my bedroom and I'll be in in a minute.
She has a little problem with heights.
Seahawks tickets.
Yes, well the next time Marie and I go out to dinner, I'm going to pick the restaurant. Preferably, one where the stove gets its own room.
Yes, she certainly does, doesn't she? And I am quite captivated with her. You know, I can't put my finger on exactly why.
Are they ever. I find her more enchanting each day. You know what? And I am particularly intrigued by this recurring dream she has. She's in the woods, she's being pursued by a hunter and get this, when she turns to confront her pursuer, the hunter has no face.
Well, I'm determined to get to the bottom of it. I'm certain it could shed light on her mother issues, and this fear heights and, oh God, I just discovered that she absolutely refuses to touch a doorknob with her bare hand. Thanks to my natural chivalry, I missed that for a whole week.
Well, no, no, we talk about lots of things. Art, the theater, why?
Well, pass it over here.
What?
Niles, Marie is a stunning woman with a body to die for, and you think all I'm interested in is her mind? How shallow do you think I am?
I assure you I'm interested in all aspects of Marie, not just her psyche. For God's sake, you know I could happily go for weeks without discussing it once.
Well, thank you. If you'll excuse me, I have someone waiting for me in the other room.
Oh, oh, dear God! Unhand me you wretch! Oh, you vile creature! Oh, for God's sake, you miserable mutt! Niles, please! Throw him a Liv-A-Snap! Get off of me!
Just let go of that leg, you, this instant!
My father's best friend. Well, after your father.
You know, I do love the country, so relaxing. I swear to God, I am out like a light as soon as my head hits the pillow.
Really?
Who? No, no.
Well, you know, I'd just really rather not discuss the dream right now.
Yes, when there's so many other things I'm interested in. There, that's better isn't it?
You feel relaxed?
Was it your sister?
The hunter. It was your sister, wasn't it?
Oh, God, you're right. I don't. I really, really don't. I'd much rather be exploring other things right now, like your lips. And your chin. And your neck.
Oh, for God's sake, who was it?!
I just have to know.
Of course it was! The hunter represents your feelings anger and abandonment that you've been running from ever since your parents' divorce! Until now, you've been able to avoid those painful areas, sometimes hiding in the forest of repression! Now, your willingness to identify the hunter signals that you are now ready to, to reintegrate these complex emotions into a more cohesive self!
It certainly is!
Oh, Marie, I...
Actually, grandma...
I'm afraid this isn't gonna work.
Us. I'm afraid that...
Well, they're not completely unrelated. You see, you are a beautiful young woman and I have really enjoyed tackling some of these issues with you, it's just that I don't think that's the basis for a relationship. I think you deserve someone who appreciates all you have to offer.
I just feel more like your therapist than your boyfriend.
I'm afraid our time is up.
Good, embrace the anger, it's the best way to mental health.
Well, I think you've made real progress in the time we've been together.
I have the name of a specialist.
I just had the most wonderful time today.
Well, anyway I...
You know, Roz, Nancy and I are having coffee.
Kindly leave him there. You see, the person that Nancy is seeing is me.
Even as we speak!
You won't even see it coming.
Well, where were we?
My gosh, so I was. Well, let's just see how far this ESP of yours goes: what night was I thinking of?
Astonishing! Busboy, clear these spoons before she starts bending them.
Niles.
Uh, well, actually no...
"Financial Settlement." Good lord, Niles, you and Maris have come to terms?
Well, congratulations! That is exciting. My, ah, brother's been going through a rather rancorous divorce.
Well, I'm sure you've got some celebrating to do, so off you go.
Well, all aboard!
It's hard to say at this point.
What the hell is wrong with you?!
Well, here we are.
Yes, of course we are. You know, I was wondering...maybe we could just, uh...
Yes, that's amazing. You read my mind again.
Can you guess what I'm thinking now?
Oh, you ARE good, aren't you?
Hey there.
Oh, Daphne, it's not about winning or losing, it's about the thrill of the competition.
Sherry, Niles?
Oh, Daphne, as long as you're doing the laundry, let me throw in my gym towel.
You know, if you've got a couple of extra minutes, I can also give you these squash togs.
What's this? Cartier! Niles, did you put this in here?
My goodness, someone must have slipped this in my bag while we were in the courts. That's odd, I don't remember anyone touching our bags except the valet and Jaime, the squash porter.
Oh, my goodness, Niles, look at this. Cufflinks! They're beautiful. There's a card in here. "I still think of you constantly. I was wrong to ever let you go. Do you believe in second chances?" It's unsigned.
Yes, well, not to disrupt the think-tank, but there is an easier way to find out. I'll just make a few well-placed inquiries and see where I get a nibble. Ah, yes, there's a group of people that might regret leaving Club Frasier before last call. Oh, yeah, Patricia and there's oh, Susan, yes. Tatiana, oh boy...
I'm not dropping Nancy! I'm just, uh, I'm uh...
Well, all right, so what if I am?!
Niles, all of my life, I've dreamt of the day when I would be pursued by more than one woman. What man hasn't? For God's sake, do you blame me for enjoying it now that the day is here?
Oh, you are just jealous, that's what you are.
Oh, come on. Nonsense.
Oh, fine, let's just ask Dad. Dad what do you think?
What an idiot. Tatiana. Frasier Crane here. Pick up if you're there. Well, I guess I've missed you. Question is: have you missed me?
Hi, Roz. Why so glum?
Oh.
Oh, Roz, I'm sure it will come back to you. It's just like riding a bicyclist... bicycle.
Gosh, I'd love to, but I've got a date tonight with Nancy.
Yes, as a matter of fact, we're going out tonight on our THIRD date. You know the kind: it's like one of your FIRST dates.
All right.
Dad, Niles!
Yes, yes, indeed it is. Oh, my God. It's a Patek Phillipe pocket watch!
Gosh, I haven't smoked her out, yet, but she certainly has exquisite taste. She doesn't have a bad eye for jewelry either!
Well, looky there. No, not yet. That's Tina Dalton. We dated last summer. And now it turns out she's in the cafe just as this little bauble arrives...
Niles, please, I have had enough of your finger wagging. I am doing what any red-blooded American man would do. For God's sake, there's nothing wrong with playing the field.
Pesto. Oh, my God! I better go freshen up.
Well, that was fun! Had a little catching up to do, but it turns out she wasn't the woman sending the gifts.
Maris? Is my secret admirer?
Well, frankly, I feel a little injured. I thought I had a secret admirer. Well, no matter, I do have a date with Nancy, tonight. You know, it's our third date.
Oh. Oh.
Gee, Niles, I don't know if that's a very good idea.
Gosh, it just seems a little dangerous to me, confronting her when she's so vulnerable. Don't you agree, Dad?
Well, thanks a lot. Listen, Niles, I think this whole pursuit of you has been brought on by a panicked reaction to Schenkman dumping her. You know, give her a few days, she'll probably realize that herself. That's the time to approach her.
Niles, I just think you should wait! Well, he certainly dashed out of here in a hurry. I suppose that's a good thing.
That, and he forgot these cuff links. I've got a date tonight!
Oh, Daphne, thanks again for taking Dad to Niles's for me. I'd do it myself, but since you're going out...
Gosh, I'm so sorry. I had no idea. I didn't mean for you to miss any of the fun. Dad! Shake a leg, Daphne's in a hurry. You know, frankly I'm really glad he's going over there. I have no idea what condition Niles'll be in after he confronts Maris.
Oh, I'm sure you will.
No, that's a bad time. Hi.
You look sensational.
Oh, thank you very much. Can I interest you in a glass wine?
Lovely.
Really?
Normally there's something draped over it: my father.
Must have come in while I was cooking dinner.
Oh, you just reverse the directions I gave you earlier... ohhhh. Feel free to check the machine if you like, I'll just go stir the risotto.
Boy, is that old message still on there? Cheryl and I broke up so long ago, I can't even remember when.
I know it was a Friday.
Oh, God, yes, it certainly is over. Oh Nancy, please here, come sit with me. Listen, I want to tell you I'm not interested in anyone but you. You know, perhaps I'd better get that, it could be your secretary.
Denise! Ha, ha, you prankster. No. No, no, I won't. No, absolutely not. I promise, never again. Well, how about that dinner, now?
I haven't lied to you. Why would I lie to you? I have nothing to hide. Let me get that! Hello? Yes? Oh, yes, just a moment. It's your secretary.
No! No, Nancy, Nancy, please, please don't be hasty. I realize I've done something rather foolish. Look, let me explain.
Nancy, the truth is, I did call some other women. I guess I was feeling insecure, a little nervous about getting close to you. I don't blame you for getting angry and I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to leave. It's just that I, I think we really have something here.
I made a mistake. I... give me another chance?
OK.
I have just had one of the worst experiences of my life.
Well, Nancy discovered that I had been pursuing other women.
It wasn't hard. You see, I pursued one during the date.
Well, thanks, guys. I just, I should have listened to your advice, Niles. How did things go with Maris?
You know, maybe she'll come around. You've given her a lot to digest.
What is it? Oh, dear God.
No, no, Niles, maybe she's bluffing. You know, once she's signed the financial settlement...
Why didn't I listen to you? If I had I'd be sitting with Nancy right now, sipping wine in front of the fire.
And I WON'T be.
Dad, we're taking Niles out to boost his spirits, not his cholesterol!
Yes, but at least it's not made by a woman working a deep fryer in a batter-dipped brassiere.
Where?
Nah, Niles would never be seen in anything called a hatchback. But it does look a lot like him.
Oh my God, he's running away!
Niles, what the hell are you doing?
What are you talking about?! You're driving up 2nd Avenue!
Niles! What are you running away from us for? I can see that it's you!
That is ridiculous, I can hear my own horn through the phone!
Maris repossessed his car, that must have been all he can afford. He's just ashamed to admit it.
Niles, do not hang up on me! We know what's going on! We're right behind you.
Oh Niles, you're worrying over nothing. What kind of person judges you by the sort of car you drive?
Oh yes, she might, she drives a Bentley.
Oh Niles, did you bang into the steering wheel?
I gather your financial situation's gotten a bit shaky.
Thank you.
Well, what do you lawyers tell you?
You know, if this siege is going to continue you might have to tighten your belt a bit. Perhaps we should make up a list of your expenses.
Well, it is stunning, Niles, but you know if you're going to be economizing perhaps you'll have to forego the decorative antique pens.
Very well.
You pay that much in rent?
Well, it's outrageous!
Well, this simple apartment of yours is going to bankrupt you! You must admit it's a bit large for one person.
Are you saying that your BIRD requires both a study and a library?
You have a THIRD floor?
Niles, you have three roofs over your head! For God's sake, you have to come to your senses. Look at the numbers, they don't lie! I'm afraid you don't have any choice.
I know, Niles.
I understand that.
I'm sorry. You know Niles, perhaps you should move before you're obligated for another month's rent here. You can stay at my place until you find something.
Well, I'm off to bed! Roz and I have a very important breakfast meeting with an important employer tomorrow. I can't burn the midnight oil like you, Dad. Dad!
Dad, what is it with you? You could barely stay awake during dinner!
Well, if it's really annoying you that much, I'll just move his cot into my room.
At least one member of this family can show some compassion.
Will you be much longer?
I only ask because Roz and I have this very important job interview tomorrow, I'd like to be well rested. You've been in there for twenty minutes!
What about the last half hour?
Oh yes, it's all coming back to me now.
Think nothing of it Niles, it's no trouble at all.
Niles, what are you talking about? That's just more rain noise!
No. Go to bed.
Oh, for God's sake!
No, no! Just some sleep will do.
Oh, for God’s sake, Niles!
What the hell happened?
You haven't seen anything yet!
I'm so sorry I'm late!
Mr. Draper, you're not leaving, are you?
Roz, please, I'm so sorry.
Blame Niles, he kept me up so late last night I slept right through my alarm.
No, no, he's sublet his apartment at the Montana. He has to find something furnished. There just aren't many out there. Still, he's looking every day!
What do you mean?
Well, that's impossible, he told me he had appointments all day!
You mean he hasn't even been looking?!
Niles.
Off for another day apartment hunting?
Well, then you must have seen the one on Crawford and Pike?
White with blue trim? Right next to the market, couple of flags upfront.
Oh yes, I imagine so, seeing as it's a Chevron station! You saw nothing! Nothing yesterday, probably nothing in the last two weeks. You've been going to the movies.
Roz saw you and your seat cushion. I was feeling sorry for you while you were lying to me the whole time.
All right Niles, well today I'm going with you. It may be the only way you'll find a place.
Well, I did notice you put a bottle of '93 Pechie Beron on the grocery list last night.
That wine's not even drinkable for two years!
Niles, we can't leave without seeing the apartment. Frank was kind enough to put on pants to bring us up here.
Oh Niles, it's... magnificent!
Isn't that something, Niles? You can make yourself a club sandwich and still have a slice left over for guests!
Wait, we haven't seen the bedroom yet.
Well, how's that for convenience? No dust bunnies under that bed, no sir-ee! That is a vacuumer's dream, that is. Well, let's have a look at this closet space, shall we?
No, Niles, not before we have a look at this... this very charming little ironing board here.
Niles, listen, I know this isn't what you had in mind but we have scoured the city, I'm afraid this is the only thing we're gonna find.
Well, actually...
Niles...
No, it's time to understand that your circumstances have changed. You are going to have to adapt.
Niles... you are home!
Really? That's a first.
Oh, yes he does that all the time.
Firsthand. Niles say why he cancelled at all?
You know, I just hope he's not depressed. I keep picturing him sitting in that dreadful apartment all alone. I guess I should have let him stay here a little longer until he found something nicer.
Oh, it is his! He returned it and I pounced on it!
Well, he did need a push.
You're right, Daphne, it isn't all that bad. Yeah, once he's decorated it, it'll be much nicer. You're right, you're right. I'm being much too hard on myself. I'm sure he'll be perfectly happy in the Shangri-La.
What have I done?!
Hey, Niles!
Where to? Bali H'ai?
Dad, he's obviously covering! That shirt alone is a shriek for help!
In this place? Yes!
Niles, you know I'm finding it a bit difficult to accept this newfound enthusiasm of yours.
Yes, but I'm just concerned that you're immersing yourself in this lifestyle just to avoiding feeling the pain you're going...
Niles, who are you calling?
You don't want to do that!
Niles!
No, Niles!
Well, good for you, Niles.
You know, Niles, perhaps this place is the price you'll have to pay for your freedom.
Niles, perhaps this will make it easier. A little housewarming gift.
You know, Niles, you may have to sleep here but you certainly don't have to eat here. How does Cigaré Volante sound?
Well, you know what? Maybe we should poke through that closet, I bet Gary's got a jacket that'll match those pants.
What a glorious day! Can't help but put a bounce in one's step, can it?
Here.
Oh, hello, Niles.
Well, lucky me, I stumbled in at happy hour.
Here. So, Niles, Maris at it again?
Let's not be hasty. Let's give this some thought. Every problem has a solution.
Can you have it at a restaurant?
Well...
Oh, I don't know, she broke a nail.
Anyway, Niles, try as I might, I can't think of a single thing. I'm sorry.
Claudia Kynock? Kevin's widow?
Wimpy.
And you are going to have it. You can have the dinner party at my house.
Yes. I'll tell you what: I'll rent an extra-large table and I'll share in the hosting chores.
Well, Niles, I must say I'm hurt. I offer you something out of the goodness of my heart, you make it sound like I'm a shallow opportunist.
Oh, I don't know. Sit me next to someone interesting.
Yes. Put her on my left, it's my best side.
Oh, hi Dad, Daphne. Pam, nice to see you.
It's a Korea thing, don't ask.
Oh, Niles, that is a coup.
Marcel DeBoeuf, Dad. He's the famous sculpter-turned-chef. Each plate is a work of art.
I got him Sonics tickets.
Oh, Niles.
Well, it's just a small crack, a little bird flew into it the other day. I'm replacing the pane next week.
Yes.
It's just a piece of tape! No one will even notice.
"A certain rival?"
That's enough, Dad.
But Niles, you promised you'd have it here. You promised me Claudia Kynock.
Well, Niles, I hope you have a lovely time.
I hope you're right about the alarm code, Niles. People do change them.
Good lord, no one could weigh that and live!
Good lord, what the hell is that?
Oh, Niles, this view is breathtaking! You know, with a setting like this and Chef Marcel in the kitchen, I think that Golden Apron is as good as yours.
It smells like it's coming from the beach.
Or a dead seal.
No, Niles. There's an extremely large dead seal right by this dinghy.
You know, on the bright side, there's not a single crack in these windows.
I'd pay to see that.
Give me that. Hello, this is Frasier Crane. You may remember me from my radio show.
Just how do you suggest we dispose of a dead seal? I see. I see. Charming. Well, we have two options. We can either bury it or haul it out to sea, in which case they suggest we stab some holes in it.
To make it less buoyant.
Right.
Over a dead seal?
Right.
Ah, Chef Marcel, this is indeed an honor. I'm Frasier, Niles's brother...
It's, uh, right through there.
Uh, what smell?
No. I mean, yes. Well, there was a baby, but it's gone now, and we can air the place out.
What's the matter, Niles, you couldn't find any demitasse spoons?
Niles, for God's sake, it'll take us until doomsday with these things. Let's just stick it in the dinghy and haul it out to sea, come on.
All right, just go find a sheet or something to wrap it in.
Poor noble creature. At least in death, you've achieved a kind of tragic dignity.
A peach peignoir?
We're giving it a burial, Niles, not a day of beauty.
All right, get on with it.
Oh, yes, Niles. It smells so lovely now it's almost a shame to bury it. Give me a hand with this. All right, OK, now let's turn it over.
Stick a corncob pipe in its mouth, it could be Nana on Dad's side. Come on, let's go!
Well, it's not very easy to keep your balance when your crewmate jumps on your back and shrieks like a tea kettle.
Oh, my God, the tide must have washed it back in. I knew we should have taken their advice and stabbed some holes in it.
Oh, Niles, what about that hideous anchor lamp?
Alone?!
All right, Niles. But the entire time I'm gone, you'd better be singing my praises to Claudia Kynock.
Just a dip.
Well, it is November. You know, it was so refreshing, I think I'll go back for another.
Oh, yes, thank you.
I hauled it out as far as I could. I just hope that lamp is heavy enough. Is Claudia here?
Good. Smell my fingers.
Jasmine.
Really?
Oh, my brother, the publicist. Before long, he'll be telling you about my two SeaBeas and my Broadcaster of the Year award.
Everyone, time for dinner.
No. I'm sick to death of chaperoning that carcass.
Niles, because of that woman in there and a scrappy band Third World rebels, I am this close to getting a national radio show of my own. You have to do it.
Fine.
Well, I'm sure he's around here somewhere. You know, perhaps he's upstairs making a phone call. If you could just keep everything warm, I'm sure he'll be down in a minute.
Well, I'm terribly sorry about all these interruptions. Now, let's get back to that job.
Excuse me, can I help you?
Please, everyone, stand back and witness the spectacular view through this transom.
No, no, it's much safer in here. You see, you never know where they might land.
Perhaps that's Niles.
Oh... all right, now, now, there's nothing to be alarmed about. Please gentlemen, come in, you see, I can clear this whole thing up. You see, I was the other man in the rowboat.
Well...
Please, people, I assure you there is nothing sinister going on here.
Claudia, perhaps we can discuss that job tomorrow. You know, I've got some business cards in my breast pocket if you'd like to fish one out. No? Fine, I'll just call you then.
Oh, give it up, Niles, even I didn't believe that one.
A gold leaf candle snuffer? Huh. My, what a spendthrift this Charles the Tenth was. Well of course I want you to bid on it for me, Greg, so start waving your paddle!
Oh, Roz, you got my message!
More important: What's down?
No, no, the ratings are out for KACL's first six months all-salsa radio.
They aspire to lousy!
Better yet: an old format!
That's the scuttlebutt on the street.
I'd be shouting it from the rooftops if I weren't saving my instrument.
Thank you.
Ah, your mother was a fan of the great French novelist and raconteur Sidonie-Gabriel Colette.
Yes.
See?
Yes.
What? Did you say something?
You know what? I better cancel my lecture next week. Can't be out of town if I'm gonna be working.
Is everything all right, Collette?
How do you know that?
Oh, what are you upset about, Bulldog? You've got a job.
Now, now, Roz, they can't stay with a failing format forever. I guarantee you, in three months, if the numbers are this bad, they'll have to make a change.
Well, Roz, you know what? If things have gotten that tight, let me lend you some money to tide you over.
No, please, it's not a hardship for me, I'll be fine for the next three months.
Try putting your hair in a bun. That used to help Lilith. Now, how much can I give you?
No, no, it's none of my business. You can just pay me back whenever you'd like. This is your money to do with as you see fit. There we are.
Oh, please, Roz, don't even mention it. Makes me feel good to share my good fortune with someone. You know what, I just got a call from my antique scout. He's found a gilded candle snuffer that the Seattle Museum would pay a pretty penny for to have in their collection.
I hate her.
I'm sorry Niles, I have no idea where it is. I'm not even sure I own one.
Dad, what on Earth are you doing?
Oh, yes, Dad! By al means, let's add rainbow decals to the nose prints and the bits of fur that already festoon it!
Well, maybe that's because I'm not getting my job back!
Well it wasn't! I spoke with Bebe, she confirmed that they're keeping salsa.
Yes, well don't despair, Dad. There are other jobs. Bebe told me that I'm on the short list for the voice of Chester, the Yummy-Nuts Squirrel.
Thank you, Daphne. I wouldn't have sent you out in this weather if it weren't an emergency.
You know, that's strange.
Well, Roz has been a little cash poor lately. In fact, I gave her a loan myself this morning. Then she heads down to the Tre Anom. You know, I have half a mind to have a word with her about it.
Yes, that's exactly what I told her, but still...
I'm aware of that, Dad, it's just she must have gone straight from the cafe down to the spa! Don't you think that's odd?
Remind us, Dad, what treatments did you have?
For God's sake, you've heard us talk about it enough, you'd think you'd be able to bluff a little better than that.
Oh, I'm just musing about the timeless moments that bind a father to a son. Game of catch, trip to a fishing hole, shared rain forest mud facial.
Ah, Niles, I thought today was your spa day.
Now's not the best time.
Oh, Roz.
Really? Stocking up on supplies for baby Alice?
Bidwell's?! My God, isn't that a little pricey?
Well at this rate, she's going to go through that loan in no time. I'm just wondering if I should have a talk with her.
I'm not sure I agree. Of course the entire point may be moot, anyway. How do I know there's anything more extravagant in here than calendars and socks...
You're right, there isn't. Now there is.
Just shut up and keep a lookout! Cashmere sweater?! Bidwell's private label perfume?!
My keys!
La Gallou? Uh, you know, Roz, before you go...
Yes, a taxi.
Oh, damn!
Thank you, Daphne.
Oh, well, boys, how was your day at the spa?
All right, how bad was it?
Well, Niles, don't forget: Dad is of a different generation.
No, no. Actually, I had to wait the entire day before she found them in her bag. She's on her way over right now, gives me a chance to talk to her about her spending.
Niles, I don't want to talk to her about it, I have to. At the rate she's spending, she's going to be out of money before we're back to work. And frankly, I'm just a little bit annoyed at how she keeps flaunting it in my face. Expensive lunches, needless extravagances. Frankly I think the entire thing's just a bit insensitive, don't you?
Daphne? I did repay you.
I paid for that parking ticket. Fifty dollars as I recall. It means you owe me ten.
Oh Niles, there's not going to be any fur flying. Unless of course she bought one on the way over here.
Roz.
Thank you, Roz. We had to turn the whole café inside out looking for them.
Uh, Roz, gosh, you know, you really shouldn't have.
But, you see, you really shouldn't have. I mean, for one thing, it's just...
Gosh, it is lovely, Roz, it's just that... Listen, there's something I really need to talk to you about...
Oh, well Roz! That's fantastic!
Good news, Dad, good news! We got our jobs back at KACL!
Hey, Noel! Good to see you. What you been up to?
Well, you know, as much as I'd like to continue this celebration, in three minutes, we have a show to do. Come on, Roz, let's go!
Noel?
Yes, that certainly is sweet, Noel, off you go.
Noel, how do you say goodbye in Klingon?
Noel!
Oh, God, so am I! Roz, you know I couldn't get a wink sleep last night. But I put the time to good use though, I composed a little speech to open today's show.
Right. Right, oh, well, it was just, I just had a little bone to pick with you, but it's gone by the wayside now.
Oh, absolutely. You know how thing's are when you're out of work. You know you just get a little crazy about little stuff.
Well, as a matter of fact...
No, no, no, it's not an issue anymore, Roz.
Well, all right. It's just that I thought the way you were, uh, spending money was a little unwise. You know, spa days, expensive lunches, Bidwell's perfume? I, I just thought, you know, you were unemployed... But, you know what? You're employed now, so there it is. End of subject, I won't even bring it up again.
Hmmm? Well, I, I... you didn't have to, I can smell it on you.
You're kidding. My goodness, is that you? Well then you should sweat into bottles. We've got a show to do.
Roz, you know, we really should be setting up.
All right. Fine. I gave you fifteen hundred dollars and suddenly you were off on a spending spree.
Well, I just thought you were going to be a little more responsible than that!
No, no, I'm just saying that a woman in your situation...
Roz!
No, that is not what I meant.
Roz, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say any of those things.
Please, I can't stand to have you mad at me. Look, let me take you to dinner tonight, we can discuss it afterward.
Thank you.
Good afternoon Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane and we're back. But don't worry, I may have been gone a while, but I think I remember how all these knobs and buttons work.
I see they've moved the cough button. Well, anyway, I composed some thoughts last night about what this show has meant to me in the last years, and well, I'd like to share it with you now. I realized I have a lot to feel grateful for; grateful for my listeners who trusted me with their problems; and grateful for the person whom I most trust. It's not an exaggeration to say I put my career in this woman's hands every day.
And she never lets me down. She shoulders many responsibilities here, and in her personal life, with a grace and skill I admire more than she'll ever know. I'm proud to call her my friend: my producer, Roz Doyle.
Well, now, on to the show. If I'm a bit rusty, I hope you'll forgive me. After all, to err is human. I hope you'll look into your hearts...
Oh, good! Well, we've got a quick word from our sponsor, and then we'll be back with your calls. Back after this.
Oh, Roz, you had every right to. How could I think you would ever squander the money I gave you that way? You'd never be that irresponsible.
I like that, too.
I meant every word.
Thank you, Noel.
Noel, put that down.
Krish-krush, krish-krush!
This is exactly why I hate fix-ups, she's not coming.
Oh, all right. Well, Mom and Dad used to take us up there when we were kids. Niles and I thought it might be a nice birthday gift for Dad if we took him up there again. Oh, this is ridiculous! I'm being stood up on a blind date - I'm pathetic.
Jessica? I thought you said her name was Jennifer.
Oh, I'm sorry Roz, the most striking woman just came in.
No, no, no, it's not Jessica. She's with a man. God, I don't know what it is about her. I can't take my eyes off of her. Do you suppose they're a couple?
Tell you what, you have to go over there for me and find out.
You owe me. Come on. All right, it's the table right by the counter. Go on.
No, Roz, Roz-!
Excuse me, ah. I suppose you noticed I was staring at your table and I was just wondering if that gentleman you're with - is he your husband?
Boyfriend?
Oh, wonderful.
No... I was staring at you.
Yes. Gosh, I know this may seem awfully bold of me, I'm not the sort of man who hits on every woman he sees.
Jessica.
Indeed we might have, you see, if not for the fact I just met this woman, to whom I'd be to glad to introduce you, except I don't know what her name is. You know, Roz can explain all this. She's sitting over there next to that scowling woman.
Gosh, you know, you must think I'm some sort of a smooth operator.
I really am terribly sorry. Ah...
Mia. Mia Preston? The children's book author?
Oh my goodness. "Panda in the Parlor." Oh, wow! I love that book, I've read it a hundred times.
No, I used to read it to my son. You know, many is the quart of milk we've poured in the back yard waiting for the Oreo Tree to grow. Gosh, you know I'd love to take you to lunch, sometime.
Well, all right, coffee? Anything. I'd just like a chance to get you know you better.
Well, as a wise woman once wrote, "No cookie jar is up too high for a panda who will try and try."
Yes, well, we're taking off in a few hours so depeché-toi!
Good Lord, Niles, not this bug phobia of yours.
Oh, Mia, she's on her way over right now, actually. She's going to take me out to buy some new trousers. You see, with this new diet she's got me on, I've lost my love handles. Just when I needed them most.
Niles, Niles, you got those movies?
Gosh, you know, I haven't seen these in years. You know, Daphne, it's going to be quite a hoot this weekend. Are you sure you don't want to join us?
Hi, Mia. Come on in. This is Daphne Moon. And my brother Niles.
So, what you got there?
Right this way.
So, what do you think of her?
Oh, you noticed that too.
Really? Well, she does look a bit like Roz, but she's a totally different person. You know, in fact our relationship is unlike any I've ever had before.
Oh, okay!
Hello, Niles.
Honey, you stay out there as long as you like. She can't take her eyes off that sunset. Is everything all set here?
Splendid. Niles, you know what, we're going to need some more logs from the wood pile. Come give me a hand.
You're welcome, Dad. Listen, if you're enjoying this little trip down memory lane, wait until you see the other blast from the past we brought up here.
Well, nice going, Niles!
Niles dropped a huge log right onto my hand when he was startled by a moth.
That was you! Look, frankly, I wish you'd start seeing someone about this bug phobia of yours.
It just amazes me that a good psychiatrist can be so blind of something so obvious.
You know, okay.
Oh, sorry, Dad. Come on, hon. Let's go see if our room still has that big creaky old pine bed that Mom and Dad used to sleep in. A-ha! Yeah, there she is!
Oh, no, no, it's just that, well, I'm having a little trouble holding the knife because someone dropped a log on my thumb.
No, you are a baby, running and screaming because of a little moth.
Well, all right.
You know Niles, not to dwell on this, but you know, I could give you the number of a man who specializes in bug phobias.
And while you're at it, I think you should talk to him about your constant chair dusting, I believe that is related.
Well, I'm sorry, Dad, I think a good psychiatrist should be self-aware.
You haven't even read her books yet, Dad, it's a delightful series about an adventurous little panda.
I'll be along in a minute.
Oh right, Dad, your birthday gift.
Come on Niles. It'll be fun, come on.
Oh come on, seeing you and me, Dad and Mom?
Okay, Dad, now listen, you sit right here.
That's right. Here we go.
Well, happy birthday, Dad, now you can watch them whenever you like. Isn't it just the reaction you were hoping for?
Oh, dear God! Do you two see what I see? My God, they could be twins.
You do see it?! How could you miss it? How could I miss it?
What is the matter with me?!
Yes, but Oedipal desires are supposed to resolve themselves by the age of six!
Oh for God's sake, give me that, you idiot!
I've blinded myself!
Let me just try to calm down a little bit. She's not my mother.
Hello? You wanted to see me?
No, no, it is bedtime.
No, no, no, I just need to calm down a little bit. Yeah, you see, that's better.
Yes, yes, that's it.
I'm sorry, I don't know what's wrong with me, I'm just having a little trouble getting comfortable.
Okay, okay. Gosh, this is awkward. I just realized that you bear a striking resemblance to my mother.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, I do, yes. You're right, just talking about this makes me feel much better. Oh, God, you're not my mother, this is ridiculous.
I'm okay.
I'm better than okay.
Oh well, there's your cab.
Yeah. I'm sorry, this is so awkward.
Yeah. You know, I tried to get past it but I just couldn't.
I won't be getting much sleep tonight.
"Like her" would have been fine, Dad. We're not talking about a similar hairdo or the same crooked smile. I was dating a replicant.
I do think about her a lot.
That's a great idea, Dad.
You know, Dad, I wish there were more shots with you in it.
Eddie! You can talk!
Yes, Eddie, thank you very much. But listen, I'd like to talk about Dad. I think his mind may be slipping.
Why, Dad, I didn't even know you were here!
Oh, well, that's very nice, Dad.
I keep telling you to clean out that closet of yours!
Yes well, let's just see what other wonders occurred on that day. "SUSPECTED PINKO OUTED FROM CROSSING GUARD POST” What a jolly world I was born into.
Oh Dad, thank you.
My back! It's completely seized up!
My God! It's been a little tender lately. I went to see the doctor last week, he told me there was absolutely nothing wrong with it.
How can this be happening to me? I'm always so conscientious about back safety. Why, just the other day when I needed that large heavy stack books from down in the storage room, I insisted that Daphne make three trips.
Dad, wait, I'm not going to wear anything called a girdle.
Get it!
Daphne!
Oh, God... Coming! This wouldn't be taking me so long if my housekeeper were here.
Then perhaps you could get me into a chair!
You know, perhaps you should get a spare set made just to keep at Donny's. For God's sake, you're practically living there as it is.
Please Dad, this is humiliating enough as it is.
Just give me that!
Oh, that'll be fine right there, be sure to thank the gang for the flowers, Connie.
Thank you, Roz. Not off to the best start though, my back is out.
No, no, Roz. I promised my listeners that I'd read a birthday address.
No, Roz, I announced it twice. Anyone paying the slightest attention would know.
What are you doing over there?
Oh, Roz.
You know, we keep promising each other that we're not going to do this. We've got to stop spoiling one another.
Oh, Good Lord, Roz. You know, I read the most wonderful review of this recently.
Oh look, you've inscribed it.
"You'll always be my baby."
"Love, Mom."
Hello, Niles.
Thank you, Niles. I think the whole thing is probably stress-related.
I am not "of a certain age," Niles. I am smack dab in the middle of "not a kid anymore." I won't be "of a certain age" for another ten years.
In what esteemed medical journal did you find this little tidbit - "Cosmo"?
Oh, that's priceless. "I can't find the right shade lipstick," "I look terrible in a bikini," "He can't find my G-spot."
Oh, Niles, it's absurd.
Nobody's going to sell me on anything. That sort of exercise only helps people who lack self awareness. I for one am... God almighty!
Oh, I'll be fine, Roz. I'm not as delicate as all that.
Blowing out a cupcake.
No, no, Roz. Now, just have a little bit of faith in me. I'm a lot tougher than that. Tell you what, if I feel like I need help towards the end of the show, I'll give you a little signal, all right?
Gosh you know, these flowers really are beautiful. Good afternoon, Seattle.
I guess they're all out.
Niles, Niles, slow down. For God's sake, we're not running a three-legged race. Do you have somewhere to be?
Oh, well, gosh, I'd hate to have my pain stand in the way that! How could that orthopedist of yours tell me there was nothing wrong?
No, wait. This couch has absolutely no support. Let's try that chair over there, please.
How could you take me to that unprofessional hack? All he did was give me a bottle full of horse tranquilizers. He didn't care about getting to the root of the problem, he just wanted to shut me up!
This won't do, it's even harder than a seat on a public bus.
At a cocktail party once for the "Friends of Transit."
Will you just help me up, for God's sake! Oh God, you know, maybe I should take another one of those pills.
Right.
No, I’m actually quite comfortable, Niles. And look, there's no glare on the television... and here's a lovely place to set your drink.
No, it's helping my back actually. You know, and when you sit in it, you don't have to look at it.
Oh, give me a break.
Oh, yes, Niles, you really expect me to sit here all alone in some apartment, prattling on endlessly about my problems like some sort of a lunatic. If you think I'm going to do that, you're the one who needs to get his head examined...
Oh, good God! Oh, Eddie, please just shoo! Get off me, get off me!
What? Do you want to know what's bothering me too? Well, here's a start, I'm talking to a dog, that bothers me... I'm another year older today. I suppose that bothers me, but not as much as people seem to think. I'm still single, that's a big one. Not having a woman to share my life with. The only women in my life are friends; Roz and Daphne. Daphne's not even here anymore, she'll be married soon. That's going to be tough on Dad.
Who am I kidding? It's going to be tough on me. It's been nice having her here. Even when my love life hasn't been going so well, I can always come home to a warm and considerate woman. You know, that's probably why I've been so brusque with her lately. I know that once she's gone, I'll probably be twice as lonely. Well, it's quite a realization, isn't it?
I really do love Daphne and I'm about to lose her. I've got to show her how I feel about her, while I still have the chance.
Well, I don't know whether it was the therapy or the painkillers but I actually feel a bit better. Let's try this. Ah...
You know, there are subtler ways to let the patient know his hour is up.
Daphne, I wanted to apologize for being so short with you this morning.
No, it's not. It's never fine. Listen, come here, please.
Give me a hug.
Oh Daphne, do you know how much you mean to me?
Daphne. Daphne, I can't lower myself into the tub.
No, I thought I'd skip the bath and take you up on that massage you offered. Those expert hands of yours might be just what the doctor ordered. Let's do it in my bedroom, shall we?
What kept you? Daphne, here, just help me out of this robe, please. I nearly killed myself putting it on.
I'll be waiting!
Yes, Dad.
Tell me what?
What?
How?!
Oh, dear God, no wonder she's been so distracted. What did you say, did you confirm it?
Oh, Dad...
Wait a minute! How did she even see Niles today?
Oh, no!
I said that.
No, no, no, Dad, not that. I was just doing a little exercise to try and help my back and I was talking out loud about how much I was going to miss Daphne. She must have overheard me and misunderstood.
If you must know, I was talking to Eddie.
Oh, stop it. Thanks to you, now Daphne thinks I'm in love with her. Here I am asking her for a massage, how is she expected to interpret that?!
Oh, Lord.
Daphne...
Daphne, Dad told me that you overheard me.
Yes.
No, no, no, I'm glad he told me, because the truth is you misunderstood. You see, when I said how much I cared about you, I didn't mean it in a romantic sense.
Oh, no, of course I love you, Daphne, but as a friend, that's all!
That's fine, off you go... Oh my, my head.
All right.
You know, Daph, we really are going to miss you around here.
You know what?
Dad's chair.
It's so comfortable!
Cats!
Oh that... he meant Niles!
Niles... he's crazy about you!
Dear God! Has a year passed already?
Well, isn't this festive! Oh, Daphne, by the way, thank you for the massage, I think it did just the trick.
Listen, just before I drifted off I'm afraid I might have said something I wish I hadn't.
It's about Dad's chair, it may be comfortable but I still want to get it out of here.
Why, I didn't say anything else I shouldn't have said, did I?
Why, thank you.
Yes, I did.
Would you try to be more discreet! I can't pull your chestnuts out of the fire every time!
Oh, Good Lord, Dad. You've been tinkering with that thing for hours. Don't you think that maybe "Dancing Santa" could sit this Christmas out?
Oh, no need, Dad. There will be plenty of things to delight my guests. We'll be caroling and playing games. Oh, and I'll be reading "A Child's Christmas in Wales" to bring the evening to a close.
Oh, hello, Roz.
Well, thank you, Roz. Say, what kind of punch did you serve?
Well, Roz, that's just a giant screwdriver!
Fine! Thanks anyway, I'm really going to be needing this bowl tomorrow evening. There's going to be a crowd of guests. I've invited the entire building - including Cam Winston.
In the spirit of Christmas I've decided to put an end to our feud.
Yes well, that car is grotesquely oversized. I've often been forced to exit from the passenger's side. Many a time, I've been brought to grief on my gear shift!
Thank you so much. Yes, here we are. "The First Songs From A Victorian Christmas" and "Elizabethan Tidings Joy." Now we're ready to party! Niles, what do you think? Should we start with the caroling or should we hold off until we've played a spirited game of "The Minister's Cat?"
Oh, Niles, if you're not busy this evening, perhaps you could help me string popcorn garlands.
Oh, not Yoshi. Gosh, that's too bad.
Oh, really? Well, Niles, if you want my advice, I wouldn't mention Maris to Mel.
The last thing a new girlfriend wants to hear is that you're consoling your ex-wife.
I did!
Hi, Kenny. My, the station has certainly outdone itself this year with the Christmas in Mexico theme.
Well, that's why you're the boss.
Please keep your voice down, you're the only one from the station I've invited.
Yes, but don't worry, there'll be scads of people, because I invited everyone in my building. Seven o’clock!
Oh, Gil, Merry Christmas.
Oh, thank you.
Have you been baking?
Oh my, don't they look... muscular!
Ah yes, there's nothing to strengthen a dieter's resolve like a good motivational pastry.
No one, Gil.
Mel.
Well, gosh, I never expected to see you here.
Ah, how uplifting!
Oh, no, no, actually we didn't have dinner last night, I was too busy planning my party. But please don't mention it to any of my colleagues, they're not invited...
Mel?
Oh, dear.
Oh, yes.
I'm afraid so.
Well, I'm a little preoccupied, I'm having a party tonight for two hundred people!
Oh, Mel, this is awkward.
Well, actually I was just apologizing for my part in your little misunderstanding.
Oh, yes, the present. And the future, Maris is all in the past!
Oh, dear.
Niles, Niles, I'm so sorry.
Oh, stop that!
Those are for the party.
Stop worrying, they'll be here. They're probably just fashionably late. People do love to make an entrance, you know.
A-ha! Daphne, open the floodgates!
Did you try to call her, Niles?
A-ha, hello everyone! Come in, come in!
That's very nice, ladies first. Now, no crowding, no pushing.
Where are they going?
Damn him! He's siphoning off my guests.
You know, you won't believe this. That dreadful Cam Winston is having a competing party!
Yes, that's his apartment number. Well, two can play at that game! Donny!
Do me a favor, will you? Make me one of those signs, see what you can fashion out of these crude implements.
What?
Thanks, Roz.
Let's find a prominent place to put this. Preferably right on top of Winston's sign!
Oh, go easy there, Niles.
My canapés!
All right, now, you two, I don't want everyone congregating in the kitchen. Now go out and mingle!
My God, there must be a hundred people up there! Well, I'll just show you what you're missing! Savory lamb tenders! Pesto-filled mushroom caps! Smell ‘em and weep!
Oh, Dad...
And?
Thank God!
Another guest! Oh, it's also wonderful for you, Niles. Congratulations.
Oh, my. Well, Niles, if you want my advice-
You've got to make your feelings clear to her, and the sooner the better. There's very little point letting it drag on like this.
A-ha. Well, you know, those antique earrings you bought her should go a long way towards that.
You did what?
Oh, for God's sake. Dad and his meddling! Well, if you want my advice... You know where to find me.
People will go almost anywhere for free food and booze. Am I really so insufferable?
Oh yes, Roz, let's call in the second string guests. Let's fill my home with a bunch of angry, snubbed co-workers. Do you think they'd come?
Fashionably late! Hello, everyone. Come in, Merry Christmas. Help yourself to the drinks.
All right, everyone, we'll start by singing some carols and then we will choose our teams for "The Minister's Cat."
All right, everyone, we'll start with an easy one.
Hello, Roz. Happy New Year. Or should I say "Happy New Millennium?"
Oh, now Roz, let's not condemn the new Millennium just because you woke up in it with a hangover. That's what ruined church for you.
I see. Well, allow me to congratulate you on your first science-related metaphor.
No, my New Year's was plenty exciting enough, thank you very much! Although not exactly in the way I'd planned...
Burned down?!
Henri built his reputation with that caramelizing torch. My God, the irony of him burning down his own restaurant with it. It's worthy of "Oh! Henry."
Please, Niles, it's too soon to joke. What exactly are we going to do tomorrow night? Every restaurant in town worth going to has been booked for months.
On the most significant New Year's Eve of our lifetime?! I think not!
Wait a minute! Speaking of wine, wasn't the wine club having some sort of a party?
Of course, "Auld Lang Wine!" Niles, call to see if we're still invited.
"Erd... Whirr-Er"?
"Red Wearer"!
Oh, Niles, that's brilliant. Dad, please, please, won't you join us? You know what, say, let's call the travel agent.
Oh Daphne, they always set aside a few choice seats for Seattle's travel elite.
Gee, Niles, you seem a little cranky.
Just chalk it off to whimsy, Niles. We'll call it our "Van Ordinaire!" You know, besides, I'm actually enjoying this little trip through the heartland. I feel a bit out touch with the common man, it's nice to reconnect.
I would, Niles. It's just that, em... I need you to navigate.
The man with the map!
Actually, Dad, that was after we ate!
Oh, Niles. I thought you were sleeping.
Oh, good Lord, not "Robin and the Seven Hoods" again.
You know, Dad, you do realize that the "Austin Powers" craze is completely over!
Hello. Yes, Niles. I'm driving as smoothly as I can. Any other little driving tips you'd like to give me, why don't you just come up here and tell me to my face!
Oh, let's not be hasty, Dad. It's five miles away, we might run over something before then!
It's all right, Niles. You don't have to read. You can just point to a picture of the food you want!
Apparently you can't get anything in this restaurant without American cheese. Including the menu!
Well, actually, Dad, you know, I think I'll have a hamburger.
Would you order that for me, Dad?
As a matter of fact, I am. I'm going to take a chance and reacquaint myself with an old friend of mine: America.
Hello there. Could I buy you a cup coffee? You see, I'm just a wandering city mouse, trying to get in touch with America. Now, you, you look like you be a farmer.
I'll just go see how my father's doing.
Beautiful, flawed, unpleasant.
Oh, that's delightful, Dad. You know what, we'll get there in plenty of time for the party.
I wouldn't worry about Niles, Dad.
He's so tired, let's just let him sleep for the rest of the trip.
Oh sure. It's the most exciting day of the year, Dad. For God's sakes, you know, when Niles wakes up I guarantee the last thing he'll be thinking about is sandwiches!
Dad, I'm begging you.
Hello? Niles, would you please stop doing this!
Hello.
Yes.
Niles, what on earth are you talking about? You must have had a nightmare?
Niles! Niles, where are you calling from?
Well, I'm in the "Road Warrior"! You got in the wrong car, you idiot! You've stolen a Winnebago!
All right, Niles. Just keep your head, there's no need to panic!
But, not too much of a hurry.
Well, at least he was apologetic.
Hello.
To where? Where are you?
Baker City?!
Niles, we will never get there and then back to Sun Valley before midnight.
All right, all right, listen, the only way we can ever pull this off is if you can catch a ride in this direction.
Niles says he can make it back to the restaurant where we first got separated, all I have to do now is to turn this boat around.
I can't wait that long!
That's twentieth century talk, Dad. Welcome to the future!
God, that felt great! Wow, this is really quite an adventure, isn't it, Dad!
Oh, dear God.
All right Dad, let's switch.
Niles, I'm so sorry we're late.
Yes, five minutes ago! Everyone in the world will have a wonderful story to tell about where they were and what they were doing when the Millennium dawned. What is our story? Speeding along a lonely highway and you here doing nothing.
Well, Dad, I've never seen a picture of the official middle of nowhere, but I assume...
Dad, that's brilliant! And there was a delightful little restaurant just across the border.
Perfect, let's roll!
We're running out of time!
What's that noise? What's wrong with the engine?
Me?! I don't even know where the thing is to put the gas into.
I can't stand this! Have we so offended the Millennium gods that they will do anything to ruin this evening? Burn down our restaurant? Hurl vindictive lawmen and duplicate Winnebagos in our path to confound us?!
Of course it's a sign! It's a sign that we're cursed!
We made it! Come on, Eddie! Thirty seconds to spare.
We're rolling! We're rolling backwards.
Follow me!
Ten seconds, let's look alive. Damn this foil!
Hear, hear.
You know what, I think this calls for a song. "Should auld acquaintance be forgot..."
And we'll be right back after this short news break.
Really?
Ah-ha.
Well, thank you, Gil, it's always gratifying to be a few minutes ahead of a trend.
Hello, Kenny.
I know, I know, a new theme song. I'm sorry, I just haven't gotten around to it yet.
Ooh, that's a perfect match. Haute cuisine and a chorus of starving orphans.
Well, at least he has a conscience.
You know, Kenny, I'm sorry for procrastinating this thing. I-I tell you, I'll get one as soon as I possibly can.
You know, Roz - hearing Gil's little ditty puts me in mind that maybe we should just do - ah, an original song.
Well, actually, I was thinking of composing it myself. I am not without musical ability, you know.
I take it he's desperate for work?
Yeah. How long did it take you to find that out?
Oh, longer than usual.
Oh, Niles. Oh, dear. We had dinner plans tonight, didn't we?
Well, I have to. I have a little project this evening.
As a matter of fact, it does. I've got to have something by Monday, and I thought I'd take advantage of a nice quiet evening at home.
Oh. Daphne - Daphne! Would you please turn off that vacuum cleaner?
Well. Apparently the "Dirt Scourge 2000" is no match for the "Dirt Pile 1957."
Well, at least now I can get down to work. You know, Niles, I'm sorry again about dinner, but can I buy you a sherry?
Actually, I want to compose one myself. I've always had an affinity for music, and I've often wondered what I might achieve if I just rolled up my sleeves and gave it a try.
Yes, I did, Dad. Niles was in it. You know, the whole school came out humming my opening anthem.
It was not.
It was not at all.
All right, all right, well, I suppose I may have borrowed a Note or two as a launching pad.
All right, point taken.
Stop it!
You know, Niles, you were wonderful in it as well.
Mm-hmm.
Ah, you see, we all have a road not taken, some unfinished business worth exploring.
Thank you, Niles. You know, I'd rather handle the composing chores myself, but I could use a sounding board.
All right.
Really?
You know, it does have a Cole Porter-y, Stephen Sondheim-y flavor, doesn't it?
You know what? I'm a little nervous. It just may be a bit too conventional. Perhaps instead of a regular bridge, I could substitute it with a dramatic monologue spoken against a musical background.
Of course, I would have to hire an actor.
Or maybe you could do it.
I will write you a speech that will challenge your entire histrionic range! This is so exciting! Let's play the chorus again.
Uh-huh, well, that's very, very nice, Dad, it's just that, well, you know, I did promise my listeners that I'd compose this myself. It's no fair cheating.
Very good, Dad, very good, but thank you, and off you go.
Perhaps. You know, I'm just trying to make it interesting. To my ear, there's still something lacking, some tiny ingredient that's missing. I'm not sure what.
All right, everyone. Let's try this again. We still have a few minutes before the choir gets here.
Well, finally, the choir has deigned to join us.
Ah, then I suppose we can dispense with the breathing exercises I was going to recommend. Please, if you would. Off you go.
Gosh, I might have, Niles. I've just been so busy. What was the gist?
Ah, yes, I did. I was afraid that some fussbudget might take offense at my jape about lobotomies.
For the sound I want, yes.
Ah, but if less is more, just think of how much more "more" will be.
You may be seated.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I may have your attention, please, I'd like to take a few minutes to explain my artistic vision.
Point well taken, moving right along...
Ah, hello, Leon.
Lovely to meet you. Listen, why don't you help yourself to the refreshment table there. I need to have a few words with Roz.
Roz, we've got a problem! In scoring this, I had to eliminate the guitar part.
Well, I can't. I'm afraid another instrument might make Things sound cluttered... unless, of course, Leon can play the bagpipe.
Yes! Our show deals with a whole range of human emotion from euphoria to despair, and nothing says despair so quickly as the skirl of a bagpipe.
Well, uh... yes, yes! Actually, our triangle player called in with a touch of tinnitus. Here we are.
Leon, I have some good news for you. I had to eliminate the Guitar part, but I'm promoting you to first triangle.
Yes, off you go.
Well, then, now people, before we start, are there any questions?
Yes, viola.
No, no no. I'm calling you by your instrument name, so as to avoid confusion.
Ah... I thought you might. Yes, you see, I've accelerated the tempo there in order to depict the yearning of the superego. Very perceptive of you to spot that.
Yes... eighth notes. Anyone else?
Yes, timpani?
Not Tiffany, timpani.
Yes, actually, we are waiting for the final go-ahead from my station manager, and then we will be recording it, yes. Anyone else?
Yes... actor.
Oh, that's a good point, Niles. You may be seated. It is imperative that everyone play during the spoken portions - very, very softly. That applies particularly to brass and timpani.
To the drums, Tiffany.
Oh, Dad, Daphne, I'm so glad you came!
Now, I don't have to search you two for any hidden recording devices, do I? The last thing I need is some bootleg CD's flooding the marketplace.
Oh, it's not a time for stinting, Dad. I've got everything from the African rain stick to the Javanese tam-tam.
Oh, Kenny, Kenny! I'm so glad you made it. Listen, I think you're in for a bit of a surprise.
Our little ensemble. Heh-heh.
Now, listen, I realize that we are a bit over budget, and I promise, I will pick up the difference myself.
All right. The time has come to unveil my magnum opus. Just Let me do a little fine-tuning on the opening fanfare.
Uh, brass, if you will please, in four, the first measure?
Well, you see, that's fine as far as it goes, but this time I want you to do it with a bit more... grandeur. With some majesty and a soupcon of awe.
There, you see. That's what good conducting can do.
All right, everyone. The time we have been waiting for is at hand. And with a simple bow of thanks to the muse Calliope, let us begin. And...
Well, Kenny. What's your reaction?
Takes your breath away, doesn't it?
I thought as much, and in anticipation of your approval, I had the forethought to order in a little bubbly. Niles, if you would help me, please?
Oh, you were wonderful!
Hardly. It was gut-wrenching, but you know, it's nice to know that I made it look easy.
Dad's?
No, no, Kenny, no. I mean, if simple is what you wanted, you should have just said so.
Well, obviously not. Now that I know what you want, well, there's nothing easier. Of course I can write simple. I promise you, it'll be something far more memorable than what my dad came up with.
You're off the clock!
"Merrily, merrily."
Dad, you heard Kenny. I have to come up with something as simple as yours by Monday. By the way, thanks once again for completely upstaging me today.
I know. I know. I'm sorry. It's just... I don't know why I'm having such a hard time with this.
Are you suggesting that I bring out a spool of floss?
The truth is, Dad, I've... I'm not sure I can do simple.
Yeah, Dad, but there is a difference between simple and deceptively simple.
All right, um... in my first stanza, I want to represent myself as the... ombudsman between the conscious and subconscious minds of my listeners.
Well, I was playing around with "north woodsman."
Oh, for God's sake, Dad.
How would that sound exactly? If you've got a problem If you're feelin' low Lookin' for some answers... Oh, gosh, now I'm stuck. How will I ever find a rhyme for "low"?
Well, thanks, Dad. I'm sorry, you know, it's just not my thing.
Thanks, Dad.
If you've got a problem... If you're feelin' low Lookin' for some answers...
Why, what's wrong, Roz?
Oh my, that is a literary 911! Wait, you joined a book club?
What's his name?
A-ha.
Sounds like a real catch, Roz.
Well, all right, er, it was a time known as the Jazz Age. Wall Street was booming, bootleg hooch was flowing and the young people were doing a new dance called the Charleston.
Oh, all right, fine. Lorna Lenley!
The woman who just walked in. She was the great beauty my high school. She had brains, looks, style and the way she filled out a mohair sweater - well, suffice it to say it was snugger on her than on the goat!
Oh God, Roz, she wouldn't even remember me. She was with the in-crowd. The only people that knew me debated, recited or were on a six-month visit from Abu Dhabi! God, she's coming over, she's coming over, she's coming over!
Did we?
Well, that's right. All right, let me guess, em, Lisa?
Oh yes, of course. Hello. Roz, I'd like you to meet Lorna Ann Lenley. Anywhere close?
Oh gosh, I'm sorry to hear that. Er, Roz our chatting isn't bothering your reading is it?
So, er, I'm divorced myself actually.
Really?
Oh, my.
No problemo. Roz, she's just as lovely as ever.
Oh right, Legs Lenley and Crane the Brain - in my dreams!
Thank you, Roz.
Oh, likewise. Er, Lorna, listen, I realise that this is out of the blue and you're very busy but I was wondering if you might like to...
...appraise my apartment. You see, I've decided to sell it.
Really? Well, how's seven 'o clock? I live at the Elliot Bay Towers.
Yes, well.
Yes, well, I think you'll find we've both come a long way since high school. You know, here, let me carry those for you.
Dad! She'll be here any minute.
Listen, I'm sorry to uproot you like this.
That was Noel Coward!
Oh, Niles, what are you doing here?
Dad! It's a stove!
Yes, of course, Niles. But listen, now you've got to go, I have a date.
Well, as a matter of fact, yes: Lorna Lenley.
It's true, I bumped into her today at the Café.
Well, actually it's not really a date.
You see, she's coming over to appraise the apartment. She's in Real Estate and I tried to ask her out and I choked. I did get the impression that she was interested in me, though.
All right, Niles, off you go.
She's here. You've got one quick "hello" and then you're gone, mister.
Lorna, good to see you again. Perhaps you remember my brother, Niles.
Well, now that you two have had a chance to catch up, I'll see you later.
Thank you.
Oh, I don't want to bore you with the details, it's a very long, very complicated story.
Er, well, I need more closet space. Could I interest you in some wine?
No.
What are you doing? Tell her why you really asked her over and drop this ridiculous charade. You're not sixteen years old any longer.
Of course. Lorna Lenley wants to see my bedroom!
Thank you.
You have a good eye. Lorna Lenley's on my bed! Stop acting like an adolescent!
No, no, actually Lorna, I'm not all right. You see, when I saw you this afternoon I immediately flashed back to the hopeless crush I had on you in high school. Of course it didn't help matters much that you've hardly changed a bit and I wanted to ask you out and I lost my nerve.
I'm afraid so. So, now that I've sufficiently embarrassed myself, I'll show you out.
Really?
Would you like to have dinner with me this evening?
Wonderful.
I'm going out with Lorna Lenley! 2 GOOD 2 BE 4 GOTTEN
Hi.
Me too. It's like being back in high school, but with sex.
I must warn you, now that I've learned to finally ask you out, I'll be doing a lot more of it. Are you free this evening? You see, there I go already. How about tomorrow night? Somebody stop me.
Hm, well, ten 'o clock.
Is there something I can do?
You know, perhaps I should get you a glass of water for those. Would you prefer sparkling or still?
Or not, I see you're fine.
No, no, you're the guest.
I didn't realise you smoked?
You know, I hate to be a fusspot but I'd prefer...
Okay.
Hi, dad. Hello, Niles.
Oh gosh, Niles, I've got a lot errands to run. You know, why don't you ask Daphne?
Well, actually...
Really? Do tell.
Oh well, what are you planning on doing?
Hello, Niles. How are you?
Oh, that man on the corner's name is Pete. If you give him a dollar his monkey won't make those rude gestures.
No.
If she was tender it was because you burnt your hand, if she jumped it was because dad startled her. Come on, Niles, can't you see what's really going on here?
Your relationship with Mel is growing deeper. Isn't it possible that your fear of commitment is driving your mind to throw up these imaginary road blocks?
Well, you do have a history with this. Remember the day after you proposed to Maris? You went that evening to the opera, you were convinced that Leontyne Price was winking at you the whole night.
Yes, especially for you. I mean Maris never let you cook for her.
My pleasure, Niles.
Oh, Roz, I see the book club has moved on to "Wuthering Heights." Well...
Twice.
To dinner and breakfast! We spent the night together.
Yes, I woke up with "Carrie!" She smokes, she screams, she's uncouth, and I'm actually meeting her here to break it off.
Well...
Please, Roz, I could never do that sort of thing. Whenever I know that I have no future with a woman, I end it, right then and there. Especially a woman like Lorna, recently divorced and vulnerable...
Well, you know, I like to think so. You know, if there's one thing I've learned, my old high school wounds are not going to be healed by sleeping with the prom queen.
Thank you. Now, listen, Lorna about tomorrow night, em...
Who?
Well, I have to be honest with you here...
The old gang, you say. You mean like Chip Clayton and Lad Lunkquist.
Yes, imagine.
Well, I wouldn't want to let down the coach.
I guess we'll just have to make a grand entrance, after you.
Well, why tamper with perfection?
Shall we?
Are you ready?
You know, I just took a look inside there. Everybody's here, even old Mr. "Most-Likely-To-Succeed," Chip Clayton.
Well, you used to be rather fond of him back in school.
Thank you.
Lorna, I can't go in there with you.
Well, because I came here for the wrong reasons: so all the cool kids would see me with school's most popular girl and I let you believe that we had hopes for some sort of a future when I know in my heart that there is none. Well, if you walk in there with me it would be as my trophy and I just can't do that to you, I'm so sorry.
Lorna...
Shall we?
Good Lord, where is Niles? I don't want to be late for the opera.
Well, it's a subscription series, you see. We got these tickets months ago, we had no idea what day this fell on.
No, she's going out of town, some sort of medical conference. You know, actually I'm sorry for Niles, but I'm rather glad to be having an old-fashioned boy's night out.
That had better be the seat duster in our opera box!
So, I'll be going to the opera by myself?
I am surprised by your gall! At the last moment you not only bail on me, you expect me to give up my own ticket!
Bring your own wine and order the Spicy Caesar!
Get out!
He goes too far!
I am not jealous, Dad, I'm simply appalled by his rudeness. I was looking forward to this evening. Nice drink, lovely opera. Then a late supper, perhaps a beautiful bottle of wine, delightful desert soufflé... Oh God, I need a woman.
Thank you, Daphne. But actually, I already have someone in mind. You see, there's a stunning woman who comes to the opera on the same nights we do. She has the box right across from ours. We've flirted a bit from a distance. I have laughed with her during "Figaro," cried with her during "Tosca," I even had a dream about her during "Einstein On The Beach."
I will, Roz. Tonight's the night. By the finalé I will have made my overture. Dad, would you please come with me?
Dad, I can't go with a woman because then she'll think I'm on a date, and if I go alone she'll think I couldn't get a date.
"Sophie's Choice."
No, not yet. That's her box over there, the empty one.
Oh, for God's sake, Dad, give it a chance. You might actually learn to like it if you’d listen to one.
Oh, that is not true!
Well, it's about Rigoletto, the hunchbacked jester in the court of the Duke. He has a daughter, Gilda, who's secretly living with him. But everyone thinks that she's his mistress. In this opening scene, Rigoletto mocks the Duke's enemy, who puts a curse on him.
He is not dating his daughter! Gilda is being courted by the Duke, who is disguised as a humble student.
Dad, she's here! She's here, and she's not on a date. That must be her mother.
All right, don't gawk, don't gawk, she'll notice.
No, Dad, please, don't wave! Just keep your eye on the stage.
You're right, Dad, it did.
That's not what the mother seems to think. I think she likes you, wave back.
Wave back! You started it, wave back to her.
Yes, well, she's no Renata Tebaldi. Gosh, I don't see them, do you?
Here they are. Just try to be nice, Dad! If you are rude to the mother you will ruin my chances with the daughter! Well, we finally meet.
I'm Frasier Crane, this is my father, Martin.
Well, can we get you some champagne?
No, no, you know what, Dad, we can manage. Er, why don't you two stay and have a nice little chat?
Here we are, Dad. Actually, good news, Emily has agreed to join me for a night cap after the opera. Cast her eye over my African art collection.
Oh, well...
I'll see you later.
So how did it go with Helen? You didn't offend her, did you?
Right, Dad, we better hurry up. Don't want to miss the second act.
Lovely. Get out!
Too bad, Roz. There's a stunning woman on her way over here, I don't want her thinking I'm running some sort of maudlin sorority house. Now, come on, shake a leg.
You have never seen me so suave.
Dad, will you go get a glass, please?
And drink it quickly. The last thing I need tonight is some third wheel cramping my style.
Hello.
Your partner?
Oh, when you said partner, I thought you meant romantic partner.
I'm Frasier.
Yes, please.
Well, no, but if you're thinking about your mother, I'm afraid they're not really right for each other.
Your uncle?
...and my father?
Oh, did he?
Yes, nothing like a little honesty to diffuse an awkward situation.
Let me take your coat. Dad, this is Edward, Emily's uncle, he's her partner in her art gallery. Er, Edward, this is my father, Martin.
You know, Dad, maybe we should go fetch our new friends some drinks.
Boy, you are really something!
You actually told Emily's mother that you were gay.
Dad, there's something you don't understand. You see, she told Emily.
Oh no, she's pretty okay with it.
Dad...
Dad was a cop.
Yes, I had a feeling myself.
All right, if you'll excuse us.
Well, how blind can you be, Dad? He didn't seem gay to you?
Lord!
Oh, what? You found her mother so unattractive you pretended to be gay?! Dad, Emily is the most fabulous woman I have met in ages. If you screw this up for me, I will never forgive you, so just be nice, all right?
I have news for you: You're on a date!
Daphne!
Daphne! Where are we keeping the Camembert these days?
Get in the kitchen!
Here we are.
Why, that's no trouble at all.
Now, Dad, don't worry. I will close the door to your room. You should see it whenever he gets ready for the opera - clothes everywhere!
Of course the finest Gilda ever sung was by the great Mathilde DeCagny. I actually have a recording.
Where's Dad?
Oh! Niles, what brings you here?
No, actually, I didn't think he was. Since when were you two an item?
No, no, please, please, stay for just five more minutes. I have a very special old port that I'd love for you to sample.
How can you do this to me?
Niles, Emily just kissed me in the bedroom and now she's leaving. I have never been so embarrassed in my life.
You've got to fix this!
Well, isn't it obvious? You've got to dump Dad!
Here you are. Really, you must try this. So, Niles, actually, you missed a splendid evening at the opera.
Oh, Dad, I'm so sorry.
Oh yes, splendid.
Yes, what a shame. Well, I guess this is good night, then-
You would do that, Dad?
Thanks, Dad.
You have no idea.
Oh, Roz, perhaps my discerning decorative eye can be of some assistance, let me see here.
This one's Ecruel, that's Eggshell and this of course is Nolove White.
You know, Roz, I do hope you don't spend your entire vacation redecorating. You know, you should get out, you know, have some fun, maybe even take a cruise? You don't want to stay in your apartment cooped up with a bunch of sweaty workmen.
Bon Voyage.
No, no, absolutely not, Roz! The man's speech impediment will make me giggle all week long.
Oh come on, you try dealing with a call screener who says, "Doctaw Cwane, we have a kweptomaniac on wine fwee."
Well, actually, I was thinking of reaching out to the community. You know, I was guest speaker last month at a program called "Second Start." They offer career training for people who are stuck in tedious, low-paying jobs. And, em, well, I'd thought I'd give the job to one of those students.
Oh dear, there's Chuck Ranberg. Roz, you've got to tell him he doesn't have the job.
I'm sorry, I can't hear the man speak without just descending into giggles.

We only have a couple of minutes before the show, so listen, tell me a little bit about yourself. How did you get interested in broadcasting?
Oh, well, isn't that funny? You know, I had almost exactly the same experience. I first discovered psychiatry in Dr. Badgley's epidemiology seminar at Harvard.
No, no, but, you know, I did have to pass under a dangerously unbalanced portrait of Alfred Adler in the Rotunda!
Ten seconds, Mary, coming up.
Oh, you'll be fine, just relax.
Hello, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane and I'm listening. I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce someone who's going to bring her own flavor to the show this week while Roz is gone. Say hello to Mary Thomas. It's great to have you with us, Mary. You know, we want to get right to your calls, folks. So, we'll be right back after this.
Mary, I should mention that you should feel free to speak on the air. You know, Roz often chimes in from time to time.
Oh, no, no, no, not at all, not at all. Just promise me that you'll speak up when it feels right.
Okay, great, I'm sure you have excellent instincts.
Right.
And we're back. All right, Mary, who's our first caller?
That's the way to do it! I mean, I'm sorry, Maria, em, I'm Listening.
Well, Maria. You of course know it's impossible to force anyone to change. But you can work to change yourself. Usually women that tolerate this sort of behavior from their husbands are suffering from low self-esteem issues, you may need some counseling to resolve those issues. Let me ask you a couple of questions...
Yes.
What?
Oh, thank you, Grampa Willie!
Actually, chronic rage problems usually stem from childhood...
So we are. Well then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying goodbye Seattle, and good mental health.
Daphne, I thought you cleaned that yesterday?
Oh, hello, Niles. What brings you here?
Carry on, Daphne.
Oh, that was Mary Thomas, she's filling in for Roz this week.
Well, I started to say something and then I thought, well, it might be a bit condescending.
Oh, that's ridiculous, Dad, race has nothing to do with it.
Niles, owning the CD of "Ella sings Gershwin" does not qualify you as a soul brother!
Well, I suppose so, but, you know, this is different, Dad. She's just starting out, I didn't want to squelch her enthusiasm.
Dad, please, will you just stop saying that? Anyway, I will just have to deal with it for a week until Roz gets back.
Stop it!
Huntington Treadwell III! It's hardly representative of the African-American experience, Niles.
Yes, I believe he built golf courses all over the South!
You know, Dad, perhaps you're right. Maybe I am too sensitive. Daphne, could you get that, please?
Gabe, you must remember that compulsive shopping is an addiction. There are no simple solutions.
You know, I hate to be a stickler here, Gabe, but as Mary would be the first to point out: she is not a doctor.
So we are. Well then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane...
Saying goodbye Seattle and... good mental health.
Well, I genuinely like her, she's delightful and dedicated.
Well, em, she does have a tendency to just sort of jump right in there whenever she likes, you know, and frankly, her method of solving problems is totally different than mine.
You think so?
Oh, me neither!
Listen, Kenny...
It was very educational. Today, Mary taught us how to manipulate our husbands... by withholding sex. And she taught us how to lie to our children about the past.
For the last time! - she is not a doctor, no matter how many times she refers to herself as one. "A cat can have kittens in the oven but that don't make 'em biscuits!" Dear God, now I'm quoting Grampa Willie!
Well, it's a delicate situation, Niles. For God's sake, it's not all that easy. I mean, she is new to the field, she's sensitive, she's eager to please...
Dad, please!
Oh, really? How do you suggest I accomplish that without sounding like a complete bigot?
Oh, are you saying I should just choose my words more carefully, is that it?
Fine, fine, all right, Niles. Just exactly how would that go?! Why don't you play me and I'll be Mary.
Frasier!
Oh, so my opinion's not worth anything?
So, you want me to stay in my place, Massa!
What, am I getting too uppity for you? You sherry-swelling, opera-loving, Armani-wearing elitist! You have no idea how difficult it is for a black woman in a white man's world!
I don't think so! Look at me! This is ridiculous. I have walked myself straight into a mine field!
Wait a minute! You know what, Dad, you may be onto something there. Gosh, I don't know why I didn't think of that myself. You know what, I'm just going to call Kenny and tell him to give her her own show. They're looking for a replacement for "Let's Go Camping With Dan & Jenny."
They don't know. Kenny, it's Frasier. Listen, I've been thinking. You know what, I think I'm holding Mary back. You know, a talent like hers should not be stuck in a producer's chair. He agrees with me!
Hi, Roz.
Well, I'm playing a diminished role these days. Although still an important one. I am the glue that holds the show together - or as Mary said in her intro, "The filling in our little Oreo."
Mmm.
Oh!
Oh God, Roz, I'm so sorry.
Yes, I know. Oh, Lord, there she is. You know what, I could have nipped this whole thing in the bud if I'd just been honest with her from the beginning. You know what, perhaps the time's come for me to just tell her the truth.
Thank you, Roz.
Roz!
Of course, Mary. Listen, there is something I want to talk to you about.
Well, it's not Louise...
Mary, please, just stop it, stop it. Please, the problem is not with Louise, it's with you.
Well, the truth is, I... I don't enjoy working with you. I haven't enjoyed working with you from the start. We have different styles and I have absolutely no respect for the advice that you give.
Well, it's because you're black. And the truth is that I was afraid that if I said something critical of you, you might react the wrong way... and I feel just terrible about it.
No, no, actually, I should. You see, I pride myself on being able to communicate with just about anybody, and I couldn't even be honest with you.
Well, you know, as much as I've come to loathe Grampa Willie, that does actually make me feel a little better.
Mary, that's wonderful news. So, you forgive me?
Well, actually, better than I expected. I guess we're a team again, Roz.
Oh yes, of course. Well, I can find somebody.
Thank you for your call, Jill. Well, Chuck, who else is on the line?
Maybe we can just come back to that one, shall we?
Oh, Dad.
Yes, of course, hello, Mrs. Wojadubakowski, good to see you again. Gosh, I'm sorry again about your loss.
He was a good man, your husband. Dad's often said if it weren't for Stan, he wouldn't have made it through the academy, isn't that right?
Didn't he lend you the money for your first car?
Oh course, we all owe him for introducing Dad to Mom.
Of course, well, Clare it's lovely seeing you again. Em, please give my regards to your son, Martin.
Oh hi, Roz. Why don't you join me?
No, actually I haven't been seeing much of Niles lately. He spends all his time with Mel.
Yes, and I'll have my usual, thank you. Yes, I do hope he hasn't forgotten me completely. We have wine club tonight, I'm sort of counting on him to help me become "corkmaster."
Corkmaster's the most prestigious position in our club. If elected, I plan to have vertical tastings and guest speakers, perhaps even a trip to Portugal where some of the world's finest corks come from.
Very funny, Roz. You know what, I do hope Niles shows up. You know, Mel has a way of making him change his mind at the last minute. You know, I think she's a bit manipulative.
Oh, I don't know, I've a feeling.
That's true. You know, I really haven't given her much of a chance, I suppose. I suppose I could put together a little get-to-know-you event, a Sunday brunch perhaps?
Yes, it's a good idea, Roz. Of course, I don't want to make it seem like she's under the family microscope. You know, maybe you could come along.
Great.
Cork-MASTER, thank you, Roz. Actually, I won't know until after the election tonight. But you know, I'll let you know.
Very amusing, Roz.
All right, Roz!
Oh, Niles, finally, you're here.
Oh, that's all right, it's just that the nominations are about to begin. Now listen, this is what I thought we would do. After you nominate me, I will demure modestly for a moment and then I'll say something like...
Well, that's a bit artless, don't you think?
But Niles, I've been campaigning for this all week, I was counting on you to nominate me.
Yes, I would like to reciprocate and nominate my brother, Niles Crane.
Oh for God's sake, Niles. The wine spent less time in the bottle!
Well, contrary to my brother I thought it was dark, dusky and supple, but I also said Australian Shiraz."
Well, Niles, this is the moment of truth. Don't choke.
A nice big wine with excellent heft. It's Napa all right, but as I always say, why go Merlot when you can call a Cab?
And?!
Well, Niles, congratulations, obviously the better man won.
No, Niles, don't be modest.
You know, the whole purpose of this brunch is to get to know Mel better, but it just hurts the hell out of me preparing a sumptuous brunch for Niles after the way he betrayed me at the wine club.
Mrs. Wojadubakowski.
I didn't even hear the doorbell ring, what brings you here?
No, Dad, where are your manners? Why don't you join us for brunch, Clare? I insist. I'm not sure that we'll be able to give you a treat as spicy as the one that Dad gave you but...
Isn't that flattering, Dad? You know what, I think someone wants seconds!
Yes, of course. Clare, you make yourself at home.
Oh, splendid idea, Roz; Bloody Marys. You know, why don't you offer one of those to Clare?
Are you sure? She just got here two minutes ago.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Dad, listen, Stan's been gone a while now. I mean, you're not teenagers, you're two mature people reaching out for some companionship. I think it's adorable.
Now, now, maybe I remind you that we're having this little bruncheon in order to get acquainted with Mel. We owe it to Niles to give her a chance.
I didn't say that!
Oh, well, thank you very much, that's a lovely bottle. I guess Niles must have told you about his eleventh hour victory.
To Mel?
Really? Well, perhaps I'll just put this around the corner before the cork flies out and hits someone.
Let me give you a hand with that.
That woman is unbearable.
Oh, Lord.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry.
You know, I have half a mind to say something to Niles, he is making a terrible mistake with that woman!
But Dad, it is Maris all over again! She's dominating him, emasculating him!
He's repeating a terrible pattern.
Oh yeah, you know, we were having such a good time.
Yes, well, don't take that seriously, Niles. You know how women sometimes just form irrational dislikes for one another.
No, Roz...
No, Daphne did.
I just think she's Maris all over again, she's manipulative... I think you're repeating a terrible pattern.
Em, I left a couple of messages but no answer. I think he's gonna have to stay mad for a while.
Dad, if you're talking about what happened between you and Mrs. Wojadubakowski, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
So, you're going to see her again?
You're not still feeling guilty, are you?
Oh, well, I have a theory.
No, no, hear me out. I think by giving you my approval to sleep with Clare I've made it less exciting for you. There was a certain illicitness to the relationship that gave it a kind of piquancy.
Daphne?
Boy that was strange, wasn't it?
Where the hell are you going?
Oh, hello, Daphne, Niles.
Oh, please. Spare me your jocular euphemisms. I've heard them all from Freddie: my chin-sweater, my face-fuzz, my hickey-hider.
Well, thank you, Niles. I just wanted to shake things up a bit, you know.
Oh, it was fine. It was great seeing Freddie again. Of course, Lilith was insufferable. She's got a new boyfriend, some twenty-eight year old named Marcel, he's a contortionist with the Cirque de Soleil.
Yes. Well, he's actually perfect for Lilith: he has no apparent spine and she can wrap him around her finger. Of course, Lilith's smug satisfaction was a little hard to bear, though. Especially considering how long it's been since the circus came to my town.
Thank you.
Oh, he's great, Dad. Actually, he loved the baseball mitt you sent him.
Oh, hi Roz.
Oh, thanks!
Excuse me?
Good lord! I thought that was next week.
Oh no, Roz. I just got back from Boston, for God's sake. You know, maybe I could just drive up tomorrow and attend the panels.
Oh, come on! Last year everybody just got drunk and acted like a bunch of horny teenagers.
You know, come to think of it, there was one really gorgeous blonde up there: Rush Hour Rita, Larame's Eye in the Sky.
Meow, Roz.
Don't be ridiculous. It's insulting, Roz! For God's sake, I mean, every man's taste is different.
Oh, that's good news.
You know, I guess I better get packing!
No, Dad, these are my "Daddy" clothes. I have to go and pack my "Come to Daddy" clothes.
Hi Roz. My room isn't ready yet, can I put my stuff here until I can check in?
Thanks. I tell you, the storm hasn't dampened the festivities downstairs. It's only seven o'clock and Marge Whitmeyer is already in the bar arm-wrestling people for drinks.
Well, three, but my elbow was in a wet spot.
Yes, I noticed that he was there. Something tells me the forecast calls for a collision between two warm fronts.
Hello? Yes? Well then, you'll just have to get me a room elsewhere! I see. Thank you very much. They don't have a room for me.
Well, guess I could stay on the couch.
Oh, come on Roz! I got no choice! The whole island is booked.
You know Roz, we're two attractive people. We're at a conference that turns into a bacchanal every year, odds are neither of us will need this room tonight.
I believe there's a cocktail party awaiting us?
I like your self-assurance. There's no greater aphrodisiac than confidence.
Let the games begin!
I'm sweatin' right through this shirt.
Same thing that happened to you... I got a hug goodnight.
Well, I don't know, Roz. After he gave you the brush-off, he came over and sat down next to me and Rita. Before I knew it, they had discovered their mutual fondness for tango music.
Oh, come on, Roz. You know, for my money, you were the most attractive woman down there.
Oh, well, thanks. You know, maybe we're better off, just a couple of old friends having a cozy evening together.
It's her!
Well, you in the mood for a glass of champers, Roz?
Well, it's settled then. I can open it myself, thanks. Here you are.
Well, ah. Demi-sec, respectable label, not a bad year. We may just be having a better time than anybody else here.
Being a gentleman, Roz, I won't point out the slight overlap there.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, well, if we're talking April of '90, I doubt you were wearing much of anything at all.
Oh, that's easy, Lilith. Although...
Well, if we're not talking romantic relationship, well, then umm, my longest relationship with a woman would be you: seven years.
Gosh.
It's worth toasting.
You hate it.
Oh, I don't know. I just wanted to change things a little, I don't know, be spontaneous.
Really?
Did you? Well, I am just dying with anticipation. What is it?
I promise.
On the contrary, Roz. It's, it's quite becoming. It's like you're Roz but not Roz.
Yes, I am.
It's been waiting for you all its life. Champagne?
You could use my room...
Well, I do prefer blondes...
What would life be without the occasional surrender to impulse?
Doing things you know you shouldn't do.
Right.
You know, suddenly, this couch seems a little small for me.
It's a big bed.
Roz...
For God's sake!
You all right?
Kenny!
No reason.
Quite right, Kenny.
You know, I, I'm not sure the beard's really workin'. I probably should shave it off.
OK.
Uh, Kenny, do you think you could, uh...
Goodnight, Roz.
Daphne!
Hello, I thought you were spending the afternoon with Dad.
All right, thank you. Hey, did you happen to catch the show today? I was on fire. First caller was an agoraphobic – Boom! - knocked it right out of the park. Then, two troubled marriages and a compulsive over-eater – Boom-boom, Boom! I was a regular mental health dispensing machine.
Now, Daphne, don't get down on yourself. The work you do at home is very important. In fact, I don't know what Dad and I are going to do once you're married.
Boom! Boy, there is no off-switch on this thing!
Oh, there she is, the other half of our team. Roz, are you still as jazzed as I am?
What?! Since when?
"Car Chat with Bob and Bethany," what the... Ohhh, touché, Kenny. You are indeed a worthy adversary but you shall find I have a trick or two of my own!
No, no, no, you don't understand. See, I'm actually renegotiating my contract right now, this is merely the station's tactic to try and get me to cave.
Well, of course I'm right; Bob and Bethany, Car chat, please! I mean how can anyone drone on for three hours about a subject that nobody even understands!
Well, thank you, Daphne, that's exactly what I needed to hear.
Oh, hi Dad.
Oh, I hadn't noticed.
Oh hi, Bethany. Listen, good luck in the slot next week.
Granted, Dad, Bethany may be a bit of a tough call, but still, you know, it wouldn't hurt to get a check-up.
Oh, hello, Daphne. Say, you know my agent, Bebe, said she might be stopping by. Have you heard anything?
Dad.
Is it my imagination or are those ladies’ glasses?
They certainly are eye-catching.
I'd say that's a safe assumption.
Ralph Lauren?
I'm amazed you could keep a straight face all day.
So, I take it negotiations aren't going so well?
Uh-huh.
Oh, dear.
Oh, come on in, Niles. Bebe's just bringing me up to speed on her depressing news about my contract negotiations.
Could you two please catch up later?
Television?
No, it's quite right, Bebe. That sort of show, it's beneath me.
It's undignified.
Still...
If there were a way to do it with a bit more dignity, some polish and substance...
You know, a dash of high society, a dollop of culture...
Yes, well, it doesn't have to be, Niles, don't you see? I mean, if I could choose the guests myself-
And control the content-
Well, then, I'd accept.
On the balcony, if you don't mind.
What is that supposed to mean?
Niles, we are talking about doing a sophisticated television show for one week in order to improve my contract negotiations.
I was drawn to the theatre because of its discipline and collaborative spirit!
That woman never understood me or the role of Farmer Number Three!
I have done no such thing. I wish you would just lay off Bebe. You know, she is not some malign witch who can transform people at will!
Well, it took several of your best people, but I believe they have finally wrestled this feisty cow-lick of mine into submission. So, are we ready to roll?
Roz is not here? But we're on in four minutes.
Roz, oh for God's sakes, you look awful, are you sick?
Roz, you're burning up!
No, no, Roz, stop, stop!
You? Pull yourself together, Roz!
You know, I believe she could pull it off.
Right. Do I at least get to keep the suit?
All right, Bebe, just follow my lead. I'll introduce us and then I'll get to our guests, all right?
Wasn't our first guest Susan Sontag?
"Baby Leo, the world's biggest two year-old"?!
That's it, this is unacceptable.
Bebe, I will not do this show...!
Hi, welcome to "AM Seattle." I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
We're gonna be your hosts this week and believe me, we've got some great shows lined up for you. But before we get to our guests I'd like to take a few moments to share with you a few thoughts I've prepared on a very special time of the day, the time that we'll be spending together, morning. A new beginning. A daily rebirth, if you will.
And even though AM stands for Anti-Meridian, if you simply put them together, they also make up the word "am" as in "I am."
Excuse me?
Now, Now, Moneypenny, you're embarrassing me.
You know what, maybe I should just get back to my...
It's just that I'd hate to take time away from our other guests. I believe that James Mason may be stopping by to visit.
Well, this has been some week.
Hasn't it?
A-whoosh!
Welcome back.
Oh please, I don't do anything fancy. A few soufflés, a flambé or two, just good eats! Now, this morning I'm going to be making my signature breakfast for you. That's "Eggs Pelemo Fontana."
Is it Kim Lee?
Ho-ho, that's very funny, it is. This has Matt's fingerprints all over it!
Oh, I don't know, Bebe. Er....
Ouch! Well, all right, apes before beauty!
Now, the first rule of boute cusine is to be sure that you have all of your ingredients at hand. You see, we have eggs, milk, butter, spinach and of course our old friend, the shallot!
Why, look at that, he's not even pre-heating the pan, the beast!
It's very important to keep your eggs light and fluffy, so what you want to do is add a bit of milk and a touch flour.
Now this whole thing was improvised.
Really? What do they say?
You know, I must confess, there's a part of me that wishes I could still do the TV show.
Oh, hi, Roz. Well, don't you look nice. Are you feeling better?
Well, of course, come on in. What's the matter?
Well, of course she's holding it up, she's trying to make them sweat a little bit. That's the whole strategy behind the TV show: leverage.
Well, even if that was Bebe's plan, you're forgetting that it's still my career and I'm calling the shots. There is no way I would continue doing "AM Seattle."
I'm playing a character! There is a big difference between "Dr. Frasier Crane, psychiatrist" and "Frasier Crane, the guy who starts your morning right." I'll tell you what. I will speak to Bebe when we're in the chair. Oh, that's the industry term for when we're getting our make-up put on.
Well, actually, Roz...
Oh, Kiki, you're a magician.
What?!
I don't believe this, Roz was right. You had no intention of negotiating my radio contract.
You did?
Oh, I'm sorry, Bebe, I owe you an apology... Well, this is wonderful, got an extra week's vacation and a very handsome raise.
No, no, let's not forget why I took this job. It was to raise my profile, to get a better deal with the radio contract, and we've done that, Bebe. And I thank you.
Thanks.
Right.
Bebe, are you all right?
The stage door johnnys, or whatever that strange man with the autograph book calls himself...
They do want me, don't they?
Maybe it is time for a change...
Niles!
Oh God, Niles, she's right. I love the audience. I know it's shallow but it makes me feel alive.
He's right, Bebe. I'm a psychiatrist, I can't do the show anymore. I'm sorry.
Niles, don't look into her eyes!
Thanks, brother, for keeping me grounded.
Yes. I'm trying to find the perfect wedding gift for Daphne and Donny.
You know Roz, she might not even ask you.
You know, Roz, Daphne might just surprise you and pick a dress you like.
That's awfully cynical.
That would have been at my wedding to Lilith.
Oh, Niles.
I've told you Niles, I would have helped you, but their sister was holding me down.
I'm sorry, where on earth did you meet this woman?
Well, Niles, I certainly understand your being upset, but you know, you've got to keep on looking.
Dear God, Niles, not a dating service?
Niles, please. They are all money-grubbing con-artists who prey on the pathetic and the lonely. God's sakes, you sign up with visions of some Ph.D., and what do they deliver? A buck-toothed librarian who needs help washing her mother! Are you really that desperate?
Geez, you’d think they'd let him win on his birthday.
Something tells me yesterday's crouton skirmish wasn't the end of it.
Daphne, just don't let you mother guilt you into having the wedding she wants instead of the wedding you want.
Hiya, Dad.
Look Dad, I don't...
Yes, if only I had a nice powdered Cabernet to go with it. Listen, have you given any thought to Daphne's wedding present?
No, I just want to get her something special, especially since her mother seems to be taking all the joy out of it for her.
What a loss to us all that he failed to write his memoirs. I'm thinking of something that would matter to Daphne. Oh, something that shows her how we feel. Good Lord, that's a little spicy, isn't it? You know, maybe we should get something for her wedding.
Well, I don't know, her flowers, say? That's it, we could offer to pay for her wedding flowers.
Well don't worry about it, Dad. You just donate what you can and I'll pay for the rest. God, what was in that jerky?
Dad, I'm never going to taste that vile stuff again. Oh, spoke too soon.
Daphne, may I have a word with you, please?
Well, it's about you wedding gift. Now, I know it's not traditionally the role of a friend but we consider you family, so please don't say no. Dad and I would be honoured to pay for your wedding...

Dad, she thinks we're paying for her whole wedding.
Well, I tried to say wedding flowers, but then I hiccuped.
Of course not, I'm just going to clear this whole thing up right now before it goes any further. Daphne!
Right, you saw how he proposed to her; on bended knee. He's nothing but a hopeless romantic.
It could be.
Going too far? Being presumptuous?
Well, he clearly is, Daphne.
You have no idea!
I hesitate to ask how you exit.
Good God, Roz, how long have you been there?
Aren't you taking this a bit too far just trying to avoid an unflattering dress?
Good Lord, Roz, you look like you've been tented for termites.
Yes, well, now that she can have things her way and not her mother's.
Well, yes and no. You know, I sit here and let her make questionable choices and I say nothing because I know it's going to cost me less. I'm sorry, I've got to change my thinking about this whole thing. What good is my money, if I'm denying her the best gift I have to offer: my taste and expertise? Frankly, what Daphne really deserves is the gift of Frasier.
Oh, shut up!
Hello, Niles. You look like a man who's been waiting to be asked why he's grinning.
I don't know what to say.
Now I do. The name of this service is "Executive Match?"
Beneath you and countless others. Niles, do you have any idea...
So you have no idea what line of work Sabrina's in.
Niles, I feel I must warn you...
You have no idea what you're doing!
You mean you haven't?
Haven't...?
Hello, lovely to meet you.
Of course you did!
Finally, the doves have arrived. Come in, come in. Lathbert, thank you so much for coming, lovely flowers, I'll let you know.
In his dreams! God, the man's arrangements are one big cliché. Look at this, his answer to everything is baby's breath, baby's breath, baby's breath.
No, Daphne, she's selling them door to door. Of course it's for your wedding. She's auditioning.
Dad, please, it's all just a bit much, isn't it? We don't want to turn this wedding into a circus. Now, the dove man.
Just picture it, Daphne. Aren't they something? As you and Donny exit the church one dozen white birds of peace will be released and circle above. Of course, we'll use fourteen in actuality - the power lines always take out a few.
Well, if you want rice, of course, you'll have rice. Sometimes it seems nothing I do is good enough.
Yes it is, Dad.
Of course, Daphne, I'm just whittling down the possibilities. The final choice is yours.
Oh, that would me.
That's Chef Marco from the Mercer Club, Daphne. Today we'll be sampling each of our four courses.
We are talking about your wedding, not brunch with all the fixin's at "Billy Bob's Blackjack Boomtown."
Yes, of course, lovely to see you. Niles, what are you doing here?
Niles, may I see you in the kitchen?
Not now, Daphne.
Niles, it's about Sabrina. She's a prostitute.
Niles! "Executive Match" is an escort service. One Donny's clients was caught using them.
Niles, does Sabrina laugh at everything you say, is she fascinated by everything about you, even your collections?
And how did she react?
Oh, Daphne, I believe I have chosen your bouquet. It's hand-woven out of pygmy orchids.
Well, of course, Daphne. First let's sample the Porcinni mushrooms. They're exquisite.
You only think you don't, you haven't tried these.
Try this for me, you'll thank me later.
She's fine. We had a nice talk.
Absolutely.
Oh, I guess so, yeah. You know, it suddenly occurred to me when I was talking to Daphne that I never really got the wedding of my dreams either. Oh sure, you know, my first one was a little clandestine affair we dashed off at the city hall. I could have hardly imagined a wedding more lacking in ceremony. Until my second wedding, which was lacking a bride. Then came Lilith. If I knew then what I know now, I would have walked down the aisle with the ice sculpture and had her stand by the buffet table to keep the shrimp cold.
I guess I was just taking my last best shot at the wedding I shall never have for myself.
Oh, let's face it, Dad: I'm no spring chicken. Do you really see me getting married again?
Do you really think so?
Oh, er, Dad...
How did you even...
Yes, well, it's made from very expensive material. They have to find exactly the right kind of goat.
Why, thank you, Daphne.
The doorman said he was on his way up with it. I wonder what's keeping him?
Regan.
Yes, it has been.
Oh, right. I met your charming boyfriend.
Scott.
Oh, well, he wasn't really all that charming...
Likewise.
Wasn't that interesting? I just ran into Regan. Seems she's not seeing that Scott anymore.
Dad, let him go!
I don't know, every time I've had a chance to get close to Regan, it seems I end up looking ridiculous. Still, she did make a point of letting me know she was single again. Perhaps she's hinting for another ride on the "Frasier-go- round."
Problem?
Well, Donny, if you're looking for someone to throw you an appropriate shindig, I'd be willing to volunteer.
No, no, it's no trouble at all, really.
Donny, if you're letting my reputation as an aesthete cloud your judgment, I assure you I am just one of the guys, capable of getting down and dirty with the rest of them!
Dear God! You never fold cashmere, you'll mis- direct the knap! Get out! Donny, give it some thought.
Morning, Roz.
All right.
Now, now, Roz. Cosmetic surgery's a drastic step. I mean, if you're worried about those bags under your eyes, why don't you try just a different concealer, perhaps a good night's sleep once in a while.
Can I have my usual, please? Thank you.
Yes, just came today.
Thank you, chrystal!
Yes.
Oh my God, is it that obvious...?
That's what you brought us over here for, to gawk at some poor woman's struggle with junk food?
It's childish.
Dear God, are you sure, Niles?
It's hard to believe that's the same frail woman who once sprained her wrist from having too much dip on a cracker.
Gosh.
Wait, Niles, wasn't that about the time you started dating her plastic surgeon?
Well...
They never take a photo of me and I'm in the conductor's circle!
Niles...
Yes, he just happened to have a copy with him! As if anyone cares about such trivial matters!
Thank you, I certainly do not. Why does everyone think that? You know, just this morning, Donny said I was too fussy to throw him a bachelor party.
Well, there are other sides to my personality. I remember back in my Boston days, you know, I mean, I had a regular bar and a regular bar stool, I even had a tab!
Oh gosh, you know, maybe I have become stuffier. The highlight of my week was the arrival of my hand-tailored coat. Maybe it's time I loosened up a bit, try to tone down the whole fuddy-duddy image. Oh, Donny, it's Frasier. Listen, I would really like to throw that bachelor party for you. No, no, I assure you I know what goes on at one. Yes, I'm quite, quite qualified. Oh really? I promise you a night of such unrepentant debauchery that the mere memory will delight you in your old age, that is if you should survive the night! Do you think I'm overselling it a bit?
All right. That's great, oh, great, great, thanks, Donny. I'll tell you what I'm going to do, I'm going to go out and find you a stripper! He-ha, maybe even more than one. You bet!
You betcha, a couple of real red hot mommas!
Not a clue!
Damn! Damn! Damn! Open, damn you!
Regan! Well, this is certainaly my lucky day, running into you twice. Gosh, I guess this must look a little strange.
No, no, actually, it's quite an amusing story. You see, I was just getting a "Seattle Times" here and I got my coat stuck in the machine.
Hmm? Dear God! They should label these things more clearly, this is some sort of a smut rag!
Regan... Regan...! Ah...
Well, if you get any in, could you please call me? Thank you. Gosh, I'm off to one helluva start with this bachelor party. First the debacle with Regan, now "Sid's Novelty Shop" is completely out of naughty coasters.
For God's sakes! What the hell are you doing?
Oh, well, there you see, at least someone thinks I'm capable of throwing a...
Gosh, you know, if Daphne's so down on this whole bachelor party idea, maybe I should throw a more sedate one. I don't want to get Donny in trouble.
Yes.
Well, I may have been in the area earlier today, er...
Well, I may have dented the machine a little, but I...
I get it, Dad. Thank you, officer.
I think you certainly seem qualified. Er, overqualified!
Er, well this is Officer Nasty. She's leaving the police force and I'm thinking of hiring her as the housekeeper, you see. I mean, once you marry Donny, you'll still be Dad's physical therapist, of course, but, er, we'll need someone around here to help with the chores, won't we?
You know, er, I was just about to show the officer around the house and, er, discuss terms.
Keep the gun in it's holster until the very end, you see, that way your act has more... impact, shall we say? Bang, bang, bang, bang.
Oh, well, I certainly can't tell you about attracting men but I do know a thing or two about showmanship. Tell me, what sort of encore do you have?
Trust me, with this act we're going to need one. Er, I have an idea...
Dad?
Not exactly.
Well, I assumed you had the key.
Right, we'll just have to cut them off.
It isn't working Dad, there's only one thing left to do.
Dad! I meant go to a locksmith.
What on earth is she doing here?
Wait, wait, wait, I can't let her see me like this, she'll blab it all over town.
You know, seeing as how we have a minute or two here, I may as well take this opportunity to end the suspense. You've got the job.
Fair enough.
Oh, let me. I seem to remember doing this back in my college days, fraternity hazing.
There you are.
It's hand-stitched.
All right, we're outta here.
Yes, Dad, I know. Did Niles calm her down?
I was afraid that narrow doorway might pose a problem.
Regan, hello. Er, listen, sorry about this afternoon.
Good Lord.
No need to be embarrassed about that, I do that sort of thing all the time. You were saying?
There you go. You know, I'd gladly have helped you, it's just that I've hurt my back you see. Oh, oh gosh, oh, oh, it's seizing up again. You know, maybe it would be best if I just went back inside, crawled into bed, good night.
It's going to be a moment.
Back inside.
Er, Daphne, would you mind getting that?
You are on the staff after all.
No, no, it was just a spasm. See, leaning against the wall like this, it actually feels a lot better.
Middle. Actually, if you could all just leave me alone, really I'm fine just here.
No, no, no, please, please, I know what I'm doing.
No, stop!
Yes, it could easily be anyone of those things, but did you also consider that it might be... the stripper chained to my wrist!
Everyone, this is Dinah. You see this all happened because I was trying to prove that I'm a normal guy, capable of doing normal guy things like throw a bachelor party - and Daphne, Donny didn't know anything about it so I wish you'd just lighten up. Regan, I can't even imagine where this must put us. I guess it's time I just accept the fact that things will never work out between us. You are certainly not to blame. After today, I can't see that any woman would even want to go out with me.
Oh, hi, Dad.
Well, it was nice. We had a beer, talked a bit...
Dad, that was not what this evening was about. This evening was about taking a chance, getting to know a different sort of woman. It turns out she's really quite interesting, Dinah. She's working her way through grad school, she lives with her mother, she's extremely well-read, she even speaks a couple of languages.
Yes, it does, doesn't it? It makes you wonder how eager we are to judge a book by its cover, how willing we are to stereotype...
Hello, all. Well, Dad, I see you're ready to roll.
Patience Dad, Roz will be here in a few minutes and then we'll be off and all will be revealed.
Well, after several weeks of watching my diet and taking my medication and race-walking every Tuesday... it hasn't budged. The good news is, though, that I've developed bursitis to take my mind off of it. The doctor says it's all just a matter aging. Well, no reason to let it ruin our festive lunch.
In my case it was "slugger" but that was the gist.
Dad, please, with all due respect, when it comes to life's journeys, you and I don't share a stage, we're not even in the same theatre.
Well, why shouldn't I? In many ways my life couldn't be better. I mean, by and large, I'm in good health, there is a promising new relationship on the horizon - the lovely Rachel - my career is thriving.
What?
Oh, Roz, that's nothing to worry about for God's sakes, it's just leveling off.
There's no cause for alarm here, Roz. The important thing is that we go on doing a quality show.
A splendid idea, Dad. Off we go, then. Niles will be joining us there. Hello? Ah, Rachel, yes. Momentito.
Well, remember that new promising relationship on the horizon?
It just got married in Vegas last night.
Oh, I'll find a date, don't worry, Roz. Lunch awaits.
No, Roz, I assure you my dance card will be punched.
Well, I don't know right now, it's just that I will be Crane plus one.
I'm getting a date.
I'm getting a date!
Three o’clock.
I'm getting a date!
Now, wait for it, Daphne, let the moment build. Besides, Niles hasn't arrived yet.
Still? My God, it's been thirty years!
He vomited.
Good to see you, Stefano, how are you? Allow me to introduce you to Daphne Moon, my father Martin you remember? And this is...
Oh, excuse me. Hello? Yes, hello, Niles. Oh, really? Oh, what a shame.
No, that's all right, your patient is having a crisis, you'd better address it, before it turns into a crippling, immature, life-long problem!
Of course I'm mad at him. I'm certainly going to give him a piece of my mind at dinner tonight.
I'm sorry, Niles made the reservations a month ago, it's at "Quelque Chose!"
Oh, all right, I'll spill. For over sixty years, Stefano's has immortalized Seattle's famous faces on its walls, as you can see. With one notable exception.
It's me! Stefano's unveiling the portrait today.
That's an excellent idea, Roz, but let's not forget why we're here, does anybody have a toast?
My portrait.
Well, if you insist.
Before we unveil this picture, permit me to paint one of my own. A picture of a young Frasier Crane, wide eyed, gazing at the walls of Stefano's and wondering, "Who's that?" Well, little did I suspect that one day my picture would be on the wall and perhaps now other children will come in, gaze at it and wonder, "Who's that?"
So, thank you, Stefano, for this honor.
Oh, so nothing about it jumped out at you as, oh, I don't know, encephalitic!
It makes me look like I discovered fire!
A touch?! I look like a fugitive from Easter Island!
Niles, it's not some photo I can throw away, this is a picture of me in a famous restaurant. My God, I dreamed my entire life of being on that wall.
Vanity has nothing to do with it! It's about misrepresentation! And you know, if I were you, I would be careful about bandying about the word vain, Mr. Two-Hundred-And-Fifty-Dollar-Haircut.
Oatbran? Now?
Yes, yes, of course, Niles.
Yes, yes, I'll make a mental note.
Niles! Giant puppet head indeed!
Yes, thank you, Dad. Yes, I'm calling about a reservation tonight. For two, Crane. Well, what can I say? But I just love your food, Stefano. I'm in the mood for Italian!
Will you come along, Niles?
You can't even see the picture from there! Come on.
Yes, for Crane.
We'll just be here long enough for me to talk to Stefano, convince him to change the picture so it doesn't mock me for the rest of my life.
Niles, I can't believe you're letting a minor childhood trauma like this plague you. You know, I have an affinity that this may be the route of your fear of authority figures. Listen, a nice relaxing dinner here may go a long way towards helping you to resolve this problem.
Hello, Stefano, good to see you.
Oh, this is my brother, Niles.
Well, there it is, "Frasier Cranium"!
Not if I do it with the utmost tact.
Oh, well, that's wonderful Stefano. You know, you certainly do have a way of making people feel comfortable. You know, I suspect that it would actually physically pain you to think that someone wasn't totally pleased.
Well, actually, there is a tiny tiny problem. Really it's about my picture, you see. There is a small faction that thinks the forehead is too large.
As do I. It's just that, well, I feel I may be more recognizable if the forehead were a tad smaller.
It's not that.
Yes, it is.
Could you?
Now, Niles, I was fortunate enough that the artist is actually here tonight. I'm certainly not going to rush him. Now, you know, you better finish your lasagna, you don't want to offend Stefano.
Hello, Kenny.
Oh, yes, as a matter of fact they're putting the finishing touches on the picture right now.
Oh, my.
Well, it's like looking in a mirror.
Thank you.
Well, well, I was wondering when Mr. Envy would pull up a chair. Oh, Kenny. Kenny, if I may, can I direct your attention to this caricature?
I thought you might be.
James Garner?!
I don't believe this! I've waited my entire life to have my picture on this wall. Now that it is, it's unrecognizable. Well, not for long.
Niles...
You know, while the two of you are strolling down memory lane, I have a quick errand I have to run, I tell you what, save some dessert for me!
Roz.
Well...
Oh gosh, am I that transparent?
Hello, hi.
Do you have any coffee made?
That's perfect. Well, while you're making coffee it'll give me some quality time with Alice.
I need a picture right away.
You know who this is? This is the birthday girl. If she wants a picture right away, she's going to get a picture right away, now why don't you just run along?
All right, I think you're finished, there you are.
Yes, well, neither did Little Orphan Annie, and she's got her own Broadway show, now go on, shoo! Okay, fine, I'm looking for something manly, go easy on the forehead, leave the kid out.
Oh, Niles.
Why didn't you just say yes and let that be the end of it?
I went by Alice's birthday party, I had the artist there draw me some new sketches. There, what do you think?
Niles, it's not so crazy, just imagine. Suppose that picture there should accidentally drop to the floor and tear. You see, I can come back here tomorrow, tell Stefano that I didn't want to put his artist to any more trouble and I had a new caricature done myself. You see, I'm actually quite partial to this one here, but there is one in here of me playing soccer which is very good...
No, no, it can work, it really can, it'll work...
It's nothing, it's no business of yours, off you go.
Oh, all right, I may as well just tell you the truth. The fact is, I don't really care for this picture either. It's just that I'm afraid your artist has lost his touch. To be honest I think he's robbing you blind. I mean, my God, how much is this hack charging you?
Mama's the hack, isn't she?
Well, suffice it to say, the entire Crane family is now banned from Stefano's.
No, no, actually, there was a little incident involving Niles, too. He was doing just fine until Stefano took him in some sort of a bear hug and shook him a little too vigorously.
No, this time there was a conveniently-placed lobster tank.
Yeah, it wasn't any picnic for the lobsters either.
What the hell is wrong with me, Dad? You know, I got so obsessed with that damn picture I completely lost my head!
Really? Well, enlighten us.
Well, Dad, you do raise a point.
Oh, what the hell, you're dead on. Where did you learn so much about psychology?
Gosh, it's so obvious, isn't it? You know, when a person is confronted with some deeply troubling issue that they're not ready to face yet, they usually avoid the problem by obsessing about something else, something completely trivial.
What the hell was that?
Now, Dad.
Dad, for the last time, we are not the same age.
You'll notice that I used the quilted variety for the bonnet and the edging on the veil.
Daphne, if there happens to be another game that we play, do you think that you could arrange for me to be on the same team as your friend Holly there?
As a matter of fact, I have. It's just that I haven't had much of a chance to get to speak with her at all.
Roz, you know, some day you're going to make a beautiful bride. Of course, your dress won't be made out of toilet paper.
Now, isn't Steven the favorite brother?
Yes, well, when he told me he was inviting Daphne's favorite brother, I didn't hesitate. Of course, well, the sad truth is, we really don't have a bed for you.
Well, you wouldn't really be comfortable there for more than a day or two.
Ah!
Where's Simon?
Yes, I really must thank him for that! After all, poor Dad, before he came, had no sport to watch between the hours two and six AM! Did you happen to see the kitchen this morning?
It looked like a Kung Pao bomb went off! I still have moo shoo stuck in the tread of my driving Moccasins!
Oh Lord, that's a relief.
Daphne, if you're offering up your attractive friend as some sort of a peace offering - well then, I accept. I better go and make myself look irresistible.
Oh, it's probably better that way - you know, give her a fighting chance.
Daphne!!
Your brother's in my bed... nude!!
A couple more days, he'll be on our sidewalk!
Nothing another night of drinking won't cure, I'm sure.
Is that my robe you're wearing?
No, no.
Are those my shorts?
Oh dear God, that'll be Holly. Dad, make yourself scarce. Ah, Holly, hello again.
Yes, yes, please, call me Frasier, come in.
Wokka, Wokka! Let me bring you girls some drinks.
All right, well, Holly, please have a seat. Er, gosh, em, you know, we really didn't get much of a chance to talk at the shower. But, er, let me see, you're in the music business aren't you?
Oh, well, I'll have to remind myself to take the Rasta-ferry over and catch it.
Allow me.
Well, I like her, actually. You know, I thinks she likes me too.
Oh, now, now, now, Daphne. You can't rush things with a girl like Holly. After all, she's the kind of girl you just don't do that to. Yes, she has to be wooed.
And to be honest, this is the part of the dance that excites me the most: the coy verbal exchange, the subtle body language, the probing glances as we explore a mutual passion.
All right, all right, what do you think? Maybe a sweater? Do you think I'd look more free-wheeling in my blue and my...
Good God. He has a cold, you know!
Simon happened. I've caught his wretched cold. I think I'm just going to go curl up in bed. After all, if I don't take care of myself, who will? Make me some tea and honey, won't you?
What on earth is going on out here?
Well, you might have consulted with me first!
Very well, Daphne. It seems I've caught a cold from someone!
Fine! I guess I'll just have to make my own tea!!
Oh, hi, Roz.
Oh, lord.
Well, actually our doorman, Morrie, passed away this week. We just got back from the funeral.
Well, you know, she's been a little high-strung all week, even before he died. I guess it's just wedding stuff, you know.
Oh, I'll brew a pot.
Oh, come on Roz, you won't be alone. You'll be on the arm of a well-known Seattle boulevardier and radio star.
Niles and I did not go to the prom together! Our dates were sick and we went stag!
Oh, well. "For Martin and Eddie." Gee, isn't that nice?
Well, yes I'd say so, but...
My God, Dad! This is a 1945 Chateau Petrus!
Well, it's one of the rarest bottles in the world!
Yes. Perhaps this should be a lesson for us all. Morrie might be standing guard at the door to heaven right now, but he's buzzing us with one last message: Live life now. I'm reminded of a parable...
By the door so you don't forget it when you leave.
If that beer-swilling boomerang thinks he's staying here, he's got another thing coming.
Cabin?
Stop right there! He cannot stay here! The man is loud, ill-mannered, and the last time he stayed here he killed a ficus tree on the downstairs neighbor's balcony by means which are best left to the imagination!
Oh, lord. Simon, you know I...
Good one.
Oh, I think I will, Niles.
Oh, my.
You're afraid you'll discover things about each other that you won't like?
Is it possible that your foot-dragging might have anything to do with some lingering feelings for Daphne?
Just asking.
Well then, what's your problem?
This could be a chance to change all that.
Well, I've never really been the president of the Mel fan club, but she does seem to make you happy. And as we were reminded this morning, life is not to be taken in baby steps. Ask not for whom the doorman buzzes...
Well, it was my pleasure. You're my brother, you get the family rate.
Daphne!
Well Dad, Chateau Petrus is a premier crux Bordeaux...
Oh, Daphne.
It's all right. The funeral must've really upset you.
Of course.
Know what?
My God! How did you find out?
Somebody blabbed, didn't they? Why can't people just mind their own business? Who was the nattering gossip? Roz? Dad?
What?
Oh, well, they were very strong pills, you see...
Well, the bottle said just to take one, but I'm a big man...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Daphne... are you saying that you have feelings for Niles?
I-I don't know what to tell you, Daph. Uh, I, I, think the best thing is for you to, to try to find a way to talk with Niles.
It's easier now than after you're married.
Well, ah, actually, um, ah, he's going, ah, somewhere else first. Um...
Well, I went down to get the mail and got all these wedding gifts for you. But don't worry, Niles called and said he'd be coming by this afternoon.
Well, I'm sure those chocolate-chip blackened teeth'll be a nice icebreaker.
All right, all right, fine. You're gonna be just fine. Okay? Remember to speak from the heart.
Just the droll impression of it you do at parties, Dad.
What? Oh, you're applying for work? Well here, allow me. Gosh, we'll miss you around here, but onward and upward! So, what's the job?
Dear God.
Now, now Daphne. Daphne, you just have to calm down. Here, have a cookie.
Uh, Simon, why don't you finish filling that out in the kitchen and help yourself to a beer?
You want me back, don't you?
Sorry Roz, I already invited somebody else, she's driving up on Saturday to join me.
Daphne and I are going out for a breath of fresh air, perhaps retrieve her blow dryer. Oh, if Niles should happen to stop by, keep him here. There's something important I need to discuss with him.
Not until you promise not to kill your brother.
Daphne, Daphne, you have to calm down.
You'll find the words when the time comes, all right? And don't pretend you're not listening, Mrs. Richman! Your laundry is not that interesting.
Oh, Niles.
What?
You know, Dad, that's because you've been sitting in that chair all day. I'll tell you what, you know what you could use? A good walk to the drugstore. Do you a world of good. I'll go with you.
No, no, there's something very important I need to discuss with Dad, Niles. I'm sure you understand.
Honestly Dad, when will you learn to take a hint?
Well, whatever it is, it can wait.
What?
Would you please keep out of this, Mrs. Richman? We have got to get back up there.
I can't wait that long!
NILES!
Ah, no, no. It's just there's something I need to discuss with Niles.
Well I'm sure it can wait.
Well, uh, it's just wedding stuff, I guess. Speaking of which, I understand you have some, some news? You're married?
Well, I thought you were just gonna move in together.
Well, what can I say, but... congratulations.
Mel.
Let me drive you over, Daphne.
Oh, this is lovely. Say, have you seen the bride-to-be yet? I'd like to have a word with her.
Gosh Daphne, I was wondering where you'd gotten to yesterday.
Oh, yes.
Daphne, I was actually hoping that I could-
You know, Donny, maybe you could take Roz out for a walk in that rejuvenating country air? While I have a word with your fiancée?
Daphne, I wanted you to know that I am just completely devastated by what happened.
It's just that when I advised you to have a chat with Niles, I had no idea that he'd run off and get married.
You're not just putting on a brave face?
Oh, it's all right, Daphne. It's what I do.
Oh, Daphne, I couldn't.
I wouldn't dream of it, really.
Oh, now I've hurt your feelings. Here... Oh gosh, Daphne. I tell you what: I promise that when I do drink this, I'll be thinking of you.
Oh, Daph...
Well, actually...
Oh, yeah. I think I hit my limit when I looked down in the middle of my toast and there was a man chewing on my boutonnière.
Didn't see that one coming.
Actually...
It's really not that simple Dad. You see... Ah, I shouldn't be talking to you about this.
Why do you say that?
She found out how Niles has felt about her all these years.
That's not important right now, Dad. The problem is that she told me she thinks she might have the same feelings for him.
'Course then Niles shows up married, now she says it's just jitters.
She says she's happy with Donny. But I'm not sure I believe either one of them.
Yes, but she feels terrible.
Please, there's plenty of room.
Really?
There's the end of an era.
Oh, Mel, why don't you take my seat, I'm going to sit here and just enjoy the music.
Niles, just sit down. There's something I need to discuss with you.
I was watching you on the dance floor just now, and the look in your eyes was unmistakable.
Niles, I'm talking about Daphne. The way you were looking at her... well, it just breaks my heart.
She knows.
Daphne knows that you have feelings for her. She's known for some time.
Well, it's a long story. but... I think Roz said something. Anyway, she knows!
Niles, Daphne feels the same way about you!
At least I think she does. She told me as much the other day and then denied once you got married. But I saw the way she was looking at you downstairs just now.
Niles, I'm not in the habit of breaking up people's marriages. But how could I not tell you? You're my brother, I love you.
I know, I know...
You know, I'll just brave the hordes, see if I can't get myself a nightcap. Uh, good night.
Actually, we saw you heading over this way and we thought you could use some company.
Well, actually it's been delayed a bit. You see, the justice of the peace started out asking the witnesses to step forward, and three of Daphne's brothers just ran off into the woods.
Ah.
Hello.
Yes, thank you very much, young man. And this is for you. Thank you.
Well, I got to thinking about our old friend Morrie and how he kept this bottle of wine his entire life, waiting for a special occasion. And then I thought, "What occasion am I saving it for?" And then I thought about what a courageous thing you did last night, taking that chance. And that's worth a toast.
No, too late, the foil is pierced.
All right gentlemen, here we are now. Dad, Niles, allow me. To better days.
Which is...?
Oh, lord. I'll just save this little treat for later.
You know, I saw a waiter, passing champagne just outside. I'll have him bring you a glass so you can...
Hello?
Yes, who's this?
No, no, I was up. Er, where did you say you were calling from?
Oh yes, of course. What can I do for you?
Well, thank you. Of course, the work itself is honor enough.
Statue?
Is there anything I can do?
Oh, my.
Yes, yes, this is Dr. Crane speaking. Herr Brumhalt, may I say, it's quite an honor.
Yes, of course. Er, six foot one, medium build, broad shoulders, sublimely proportioned...
Oh, my posterior, yeah well, that's a little sensitive, isn't it?
Please put Dr. Kaufmann back on.
Dr. Kaufmann? Angie?
Morning!
You won't believe what just happened to me! I was the victim of a radio prank.
Yes, it's a sad day when getting a man to describe his own behind passes as humor.
You heard the whole thing, didn't you!
Oh, that's all right, Daphne. "Carlos and the Chicken" are the sort of performers who keep popping up on the radio these days. So-called humorists who rely on cruel pranks and scatological references. Well, I suppose that's the sort thing that passes for entertainment these days. You know, perhaps it's just a generational thing.
I'm going back to bed.
What on earth for?
I'm on the radio everyday!
Hello Roz, I suppose you heard about my unscheduled appearance on KACL's new morning show.
Well, the less said about it, the better.
Was everyone in Seattle listening at six in the morning?
Oh, I thought the entire thing was rude and childish.
Well, it's not such a bad idea. In a society where we glorify our athletes and rock musicians, I thought maybe we should... Well, it was early.
Do you know, I think I might just go over there and introduce myself.
I'm just going to go over there and let them know that what they did today was completely unacceptable.
I'm perfectly capable of laughing it off, I just want to let them know that I don't appreciate being made the punch line at my own station. I'm going to go over there and tell them from now on, I don't want any part of their shenanigans.
Hello, Kenny. I believe introductions are in order.
Yes well, nice to meet you boys. About this morning...
Really, you're listeners?
Well you know, you do tread a fine line with your style comedy, but perhaps you can be excused for stomping on it rather exuberantly on your first day. Just keep in mind in the future that this station does have a certain pecking order.
Oh no, no harm, no foul.
Likewise, boys. Hey, call me Frasier, but don't call me at home.
For God's sake, Roz, have a little faith in me. After all, I do reason with people for a living. It's all settled. You know, they're good kids, really, quite sensible actually.
You know, I really did overreact this morning. After all, it was kind of cute, I suppose. "Hall of Thinkers." Never let it be said that Frasier Crane is the kind of man who is incapable of laughing at himself.
Yes, I see, some patron has sent me some sticky buns. Very funny. Very funny, indeed.
Oh, so I did, thank you.
Gosh, I'd love to, Niles, but I've just drawn myself a nice herbal bath.
Help yourself to some coffee, Niles.
I'm in the mood for love...
Simply because you're near me...
You know very well it's a proprietary blend, Niles.
Hello, yes, I'm sure it's not my fault but if you insist, I use... ...jasmine, lavender, rose hips and a little Tahitian Vanilla.
Yes well, love does enter through the nose.
All right.
Stomp around?
Oh, no, no, please. You just leave Jimmy where he is. I certainly don't need an audience while I'm singing in the bathtub.
Just wait a second and I'll tell you when I'm ready.
I'm ready. Here goes.
I'm in the mood for love, Simply because you're near me, Funny but...
When you're near meeeeee....
I'm in the mood for love...
Oh, good Lord!
Niles, be careful, the whole ceiling's caving in.
Oh, dear God!
GET OUT!
Leave me alone! For God's sake, have some respect.
She dropped her medication in the hallway. As I stooped to pick it up, out came her camera like an assassin's blade. Well, if she wants to control those blood clots, she'll cough up that film!
I certainly am.
You know, Dad, I might have been able to laugh it off if all of Seattle hadn't started stalking me with cameras!
Quickly Niles, inside, come on!
That was you? I'm sorry, Niles, I was afraid you were trying to get a picture of my butt!
I'm talking about Carlos and the Chicken.
Oh, well, they won't be for much longer. I've decided it's time to fight back. I was up to all hours last night crafting my response to those two idiots. I believe I have arrived at a masterful rebuttal.
Hardly. I go in swinging with La Rochéfoucauld: "If we had no faults of our own, we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others."
And when I've knocked them reeling, I go in with a jab Dorothy Parker: "Wit has truth in it, wise-cracking is merely calisthenics with words."
And when they're bloody and against the ropes, I go in with the kill - Twain, Wilde, Twain, Twain, Mencken!
All right, Dad, what exactly are you saying? That I somehow managed to bring all this misery on myself?
Pish-tosh!
Oh, Daphne, do you think we're snobby, superior and condescending?
In my defense, Niles is the only one who has ever seasoned his crepe pans.
Steed!
There were worse role models. Steed was dapper and witty. When anyone tried to give him grief, he gave them a sound thrashing with the umbrella.
Come to think of it, it was rather a rough summer that year, wasn't it?
Excuse me. Hello? Why, Roz - yes, just calm down. No, no, I'm not listening. Hang on a second.
Roz! Oh, dear God!
Roz!
Roz!
Do we have time to squeeze in one more?
Lavender, rose hips and a little Tahitian Vanilla.
Love does enter through the nose.
Call you back, Roz. I'm going down there.
Dad, don't try to talk me out of this, I'm going to teach those two a lesson, they'll not soon forget. Where's my umbrella?
It's raining!
No! No, stop it!
Roz, what are you doing here?
Just the part about us having sex.
Roz, a thousand dollars for a shot of your behind? Sorry.
No, I was thinking of a more direct approach, Roz.
No, no, that's not it and you know it, Roz.
No, no, Roz. Listen to yourself, you're lusting for blood like a barbarian. I've a more civilized approach in mind. I have composed a speech!
Just watch me.
Roz, I don't care. I just figured out something, you know, maybe you can't stop bullies from attacking you, but the only way they win is if they change who you are, and I'll tell you something, let them do their worst. They will not knock the bowler off of this head!
Oh, I think you two know what's up. There's only so much I can take, there's only so much anyone can take from a juvenile comic and his straight man. I believe it was La Rochéfoucauld who first said...
It was La Rochéfoucauld that first said...
La Rochéfoucauld once said-
You know, if I could just get a word in...
Chicken! I believe it was La Rochéfoucauld, the great French thinker...
That's it! Nobody corrects my French pronunciation, you son of a...!
Me?!
Yes, right. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, I'll be filling in for the next hour of the morning zoo with my own particular brand of zany antics. Let's see, em, you know there was a fabulous cartoon in the recent "New Yorker". Let me see if I can describe it for you...
Till tomorrow then, this is Dr. Frasier Crane wishing you...
Oh, yes. Be sure to tune in later for the final broadcast KACL's loveable curmudgeon, Chester Ludgate. You know, most of us here at the station were surprised to hear that he was retiring. I for one thought he'd never leave.
Sorry?
Oh gosh, Roz, I really am sorry. You know, it seems Mrs. Delafield's daughter is coming here to join us as an intern. I promised Kenny I'd show her around and take her to dinner.
Oh, you can make anything sound unfair.
Kenny, and who have we here?
Poppy, what a pleasure to meet the daughter of our beloved station owner. So, what brings you to KACL?
Excuse me. Hello? Yes, Dad. All right, calm down, calm down. Was there much blood?
All right, Dad, I'll be there as soon as I can, hang on a second. I'm terrible sorry, there's been a small emergency at home. I'm gonna have to pass on today, may I take a rain check?
This is Roz, my producer. You know Roz, I'll gladly do those promos if you would be so kind as to take Poppy to dinner and answer her questions.
Oh, I don't think there's much chance of that!
What the hell is happening?
Yes, Dad, you told us. If you had a guitar you would have written a ballad.
Yes, I read that flyer. He was offering a ten dollar reward.
You know Dad, this is actually your fault. You know if you hadn't encouraged him after he killed his first rat he wouldn't have moved on to murdering hamsters!
Niles!
You mean...?
But...?
Niles!
My God, it's for the Cecilia Bartoli concert! My God, they've been sold out for months. How on earth did you score these tickets?
How could this happen, Niles?
I assume you pounced?
Well, it's a post. Congratulations are in order. You know, who would have thought my little brother a professional music critic?
You don't say?
Wherever we go? What fun.
Why wouldn't I be, Dad?
Dad, it was called a lute!
Dad, believe me, I do not envy Niles his critic's job. As kids we would aggravate the situation by flaunting our toys in each other's faces. We're much more mature than that now, all right?
Niles, you know, it's about time we got going. We don't want to be late for the curtain.
That's not a party, that's a hostage situation.
In the "Times?"
That would certainly be the Freudian interpretation!
Oh Niles, I'm not the least bit envious that you get to spout off in that glorified cat-box liner.
I think we both know what your thumb's up these days!
That smug jackass!
It's not the same thing as being a real critic, Roz. You don't get free tickets... you don't get quoted... forget hobnobbing.
You know, you do raise a good point, Roz.
Chester's time slot is free, I could do my own arts show.
Kenny? Listen, Roz just had a wonderful idea.
What do you say about yours truly hosting a bouncy little show about the arts in Seattle?
Great! You see, Roz, he loved your idea
It was too your idea.
No chance at all?
Damn! I think my show's a good idea.
You know what, frankly, I don't like his attitude. He acts as if he owns the station but he doesn't. Someone else does.
The next best thing, her mother!
Hello, Poppy. Gosh, would you care to join?
Anything you want? Well, that's interesting. You know, Poppy, we could join each other for lunch after your shopping spree.
Would you really? You know, it just seems a shame you leaving the station and us never really getting to know one another.
Yes. Let me walk you out.
Oh yes, well, I can give you his number, although I'm not sure he'd be any different.
Divine Beethoven. Extraordinary, isn't it?
What?
Daphne, more paté please.
Poppy, I can't tell you how wonderful it is to meet someone who shares my passion for the arts. It's a rare thing to find in Seattle, believe me.
Oh yes, sadly. If only more people were better informed about our city's rich cultural treasures. But what can we as mere radio folk do?
Oh my God, Poppy, that's a wonderful idea. How do you do it, you just pull these things out of the air! Good Heavens, course we'll have to find ourselves a proper host, but who?
Oh, indeed.
Bien Sur!
Oh, I don't think we need to look too far.
You know, my only concern is will Kenny go for it? You see, he's a bit of a Philistine. It might be better if the suggestion came not actually from us but from... someone else.
Well, someone with more authority, power, influence... Someone older... A woman perhaps...
Here, use mine.
Why don't we start tomorrow? But we'll need something to review.
Brilliant, let's go together. I'll see you at the theater.
Oh Dad, that's terrible.
Why did you take him to the vet?
Looks like all he needs is a lava lamp and some sitar music.
Niles!
Well, I'm sorry Niles, you know, normally I would have lent it, but I'll be needing it myself for my own review.
Oh, that's right, you wouldn't have heard. You see, starting tomorrow I'll be doing my own little arts show on KACL, twice weekly.
Paté?
I did no such thing!
Is this a panel discussion?
I do not, I think she's delightful, isn't she?
I don't have what you have. My audience is twice as large as yours is!
How dare you review my audience!
Good morning, Roz.
Are you ready for our debut? I'm thinking of calling the show, "Frasier Crane's 'I'll Say'." But with the "I'll" spelt like a theatre aisle.
He can't be mad at me, the whole thing was Poppy's idea. Oh, here she is now, come to wish me luck.
Oh, here, here. We've got a few minutes to go before the show starts. Take a seat, catch your breath. Oh gosh, I'm really glad you made it. You know, it wouldn't be a proper debut without you.
Oh, it's not that complicated, really. You know, I turn on the mike here, these are my call buttons. Oh, and I push this button here if I want to cough.
You know, Poppy, I hate to rush you, but we've just a couple of minutes before the show so...
Poppy, what are you doing?
Your show?
I had no idea she intended to stay.
I assure you, she is way out of her depth here. Any moment she'll realize she's in over her head, she'll be begging me to go in there and take over for her.
Go ahead, Niles, I know you were listening.
Niles, I'm sorry.
She fired you just to placate her hairdresser?
Oh, I am sorry, Niles. Gosh, it's a shame, really. You know, I know how much you loved that job, and to lose it in such an unceremonious fashion.
Oh?
I had the exact same thought. Even as I was preparing my show, I thought, "Am I being fair to my regular listeners?"
As do your patients.
God, is it any wonder we find ourselves ex-critics?
It's as if the Gods of psychiatry, jealous of our dallyings, have quietly stepped in and put things right.
Thank you. You know, Niles, if you're feeling a bit hungry, we could catch an early dinner and then...
You know, it's just a shame my listeners never got to hear my review of "Streetcar."
Groundbreaking!
Yes well, it takes a psychiatrist to interpret that play.
All right, you go first.
Go.
Just a moment Niles, "incandescent," isn't that the word they quoted you on in "The Times?"
You use that all the time.
Oh, that's all right, Roz. You know what, you'll find another nanny soon.
Well, don't tell Alice that, it might hurt her feelings.
So, Dad, how was the funeral?
Yes please, Niles.
You mean, you're out of "Verdant Hills?" Oh, I am sorry, I know how much you were looking forward to being dead there.
I don't blame you. One country club fire, you can kiss your chances goodbye.
I can just hear the whispers now. "Did you see the bride? Very life-like." Dad, you know, I'm sorry about your friend's funeral not going so well. Rest assured, when the time comes - years from now - Niles and I will follow your wishes to the letter.
But, Dad...
I don't know.
Yeah, I know, it's a painful subject, but we've got to plan for it. We all must be prepared when the cold hand of death comes knocking on our door.
Would you get that?
Oh, thank you very much. Bulldog? Good Lord, come in. Oh heavens, you remember my brother Niles. Niles, you remember Bulldog.
Bulldog, I can't tell you...
All right.
Thank you, Niles. By the way, I'm a little short of cash. Do you mind, er-?
Thanks Bulldog, take care.
Roz. Listen, I think you may have solved your babysitting problem.
Well, look: Alice is obviously crazy about him, and he could use the money.
Okay, fine, fine, Roz. You just cancel your date. I mean, you've been this long without a man, what's a few days more?
Oh, good afternoon, Niles.
Oh, well congratulations, nothing left now but all that pesky waiting.
No, Roz, but there is a rumor about a "Tweety Bird" on your upper thigh.
Oh, don't count yourself out just yet, Roz.
No, no, there's a young man over there, can't take his eyes off you. He's been staring at you ever since you came in.
Oh, yes, Ted. Well, his gaze is so steamy it's re-foaming my latte. Why don't you go other there and talk with him?
I tell you what, ask him to dinner. I'm going to "Chez Henri" myself this evening, I'll call and get you a table.
Roz, you better hurry. If you talk to me another minute longer, he'll think he's got some serious competition.
Hello, it's Frasier Crane.
I was just wondering, I'd like to get a table for a dear friend of mine tonight as well.
Table for two.
By the kitchen? Oh Lord, I was hoping for something near the fireplace.
Oh, the back row would be fine, who's at the next table?
The Ashbys, wonderful!
Thank you very much.
You mean...?
Oh, Niles.
Well, of course he did Roz, congratulations. And you're all set at "Chez Henri."
Sure, Dad. Where to?
Okay, all right, let's go have a look, Dad. I'm glad to see you've finally realized there's no point in being superstitious about the whole thing.
Yes, Dad.
It's Frasier. And by the way, charming!
I just saw you dash out of the restaurant with Ted, I thought, "God, what's wrong?"
What?
Well, what did you say to him?
Bulldog, wow, he's full of surprises, isn't he?
Well, maybe Bulldog, in his own clumsy way, gave you a taste of a more traditional lifestyle.
Who knows, Roz? Maybe the time has come. You might be willing to start looking for a...
No, I wasn't going to say that.
All right, Roz, as long as you're okay.
It's okay.
Of course. Good night.
Hello, Poppy.
Well, I must be getting old.
That's a very interesting story. Yes, I'll see you at the station, okay? Roz!
Thank God you were here.
Oh, Roz, say no more. What do they need? An autographed picture for their silent auction?
Very funny.
I don't know Roz, I'd have to take a date. Seattle does have certain expectations about the sort of person I'm to be seen with.
I'll let you know!
Well, actually I'm not staying, I'm avoiding someone.
The new so-called arts critic at the station, Poppy!
The woman drives me mad, she gasses on endlessly about the most mundane matters. Absolutely infuriating - - as is that smirk of yours.
Well, with good reason. The woman is a windsock.
Oh, bravo Dr. Crane! Yes, I think you're really on to something there.
Oh, she dashed off to the office. We're going to continue our meeting there. You know, Poppy, I was just telling my brother what an enchanting storyteller you are. Why don't you take my seat, and he can find out for himself? Ta-ta.
I'm mildly curious.
Yes, that was lucky.
If you'll excuse me, I'll just show my father where it's kept.
Yes, well, I'm sorry Dad, but you can't keep her.
Really?
I'm just...
Yes, I know that, Dad. I want to chat up a half naked woman without looking uncouth.
Dad!
So, you're next door? Oh, that's right. Judge Gilroy moved in with his daughter.
No, but I did hear he wandered into work one day wearing a towel, though. I guess that's why he had to move in with his daughter.
Thank you, Dad.
So, Regan, that's an unusual name. Is it by any chance from...
I have no idea what that would be like! What?!
Yes, Dad, don't forget my sign off: "Goodbye!"
Really? Well, I'm flattered, thank you.
Yes, it is hard not to love them.
I'll ask her out today, Dad.
Come in.
So, Niles. How are you?
Who told you that?
Are you talking about Poppy?
I still do, she's loathsome.
But you're not right.
You don't know her.
It's premature.
All right, fine, if you must know. The woman happens to be...
Her, my next door neighbor.
Hi, come in.
Oh, well, you're welcome any time. Er, Regan Shaw, this is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane.
Do you two know each other?
Well, I'll just get us all some coffee and you two can decide if you know each other or not.
What did you find out?
Damn him!
Well, I just have to confront him and see if he's man enough to admit he's horned in on my territory.
Oh, honestly, Daphne, just try to keep up. It's not that complicated!
Well, here we are.
Oh!
Well, certainly. Would you like to go out for coffee some time?
Great. Bye.
So, I do take it you two know each other.
I see. Changing the subject completely, Daphne just mentioned that you happen to have a little crush on someone yourself.
Care to elaborate?
Poppy?!
No, not at all. Thank you for your candor, Niles. I'm sure you and Poppy will be very happy together.
No, no, Niles. I wish you and Poppy the very best!
Very well, thanks for dropping by, off you go.
What kind of a fool does he take me for? He is obviously pursuing Regan, the man has the nerve to say he's chasing Poppy.
Yes, as if anyone could pursue that insufferable air hoi! Well, if it's deceit and chicanery he's after, I'll give him more than he can handle.
Honestly, Daphne, how you manage to overreact in absolutely everything!
Well, you're not going to sit there.
I'm expecting someone for coffee.
It is not Niles, will you stop saying that? I'm meeting a woman.
I'm sorry, Roz, thanks anyway.
Yes, it's my emergency umbrella. I always leave it in the booth.
I think I'll just go and see what's keeping my latte. Would you watch my table please, Roz?
Where was Niles in such a rush off to?
I thought there were four?
Damn him! He's probably off to intercept Regan right now.
I'm sorry, Roz, I'm in a hurry. I'll write you a check for these. Enjoy the table!
Hello, Roz.
I see that Niles has brought himself a "date" to the evening.
Oh, I know exactly what he thinks. He's using Poppy as his patty, steal a few minutes with Regan, try and win her for himself.
Roz!
Dear simple, Roz. After six years of listening at my feet. Have you learnt nothing of the dark forces that move people? Open your ears!
Yes, I'm sorry. It's just that he keeps staring over here. For God's sakes, he hasn't paid any attention whatsoever. Can you imagine how that woman must feel?
All right, you'd find out sooner or later anyway. See, I know about you and Niles.
Yes. But it's all right, I don't mind. It's just that, well, he's really quite smitten with you.
Well, actually Poppy...
No, he doesn't!
Your tango wasn't so impressive, either.
I won't simply stand aside and let you have the woman you want.
Well, of course, just give me one more moment with my brother.
Yes, I believe she has.
Leave? Already? Well, couldn't we just have one last dance?
Yes, well, I certainly don't blame you. You see, now I've spoken with him, Niles has agreed to behave himself. Now I can put all my attention on you.
He's a brave little soldier, isn't he? Awash in despair and yet he dances.
No wonder, he keeps staring over at us. He's suffered such a crushing defeat tonight.
Yes, of course, that's the best thing to do. You know, let me just have one last word with him.
Niles, if you don't mind.
Can I see you at the bar, please?
Niles, I just wanted to let you know that I'm not happy with the way things have ended this evening.
Yes, the victor will have his trophy. The loser will be empty-handed.
Yes, I can't help but wonder if perhaps we're being a bit short-sighted.
Niles, is that Regan and Poppy leaving just now?
I want you to go after her.
Yes, I won't stand in your way.
No, I couldn't do that to you.
I know we are. You noble bastard.
After all, the most important thing is our friendship.
You know, while we're at it, let's propose a toast to the one pretty remarkable woman.
Hear, hear.
I think we're going to need two more here.
Hello, Roz.
Oh, what are you up to?
It just seems so impersonal, Roz. God, what ever happened to human contact? Engaging people, face to face, eye to eye.
Don't let him see me!
Hi, Dad.
Dad, please!
Oh, our Cousin Dodie's wedding was last week. Oh, excuse me, Cousin Dodie's "weddin'!" A western theme. On the response card it asked for our chili preference: mild or "kick ass!" Anyway, Niles and I told her that we had a conference to attend at the Therapist's Guild.
No. Dad found us out.
The point is, it struck a nerve with Dad! I'm sorry, Roz, it's just that he thinks we're ashamed of his family, it's been an issue with him for years, and now he hasn't spoken to me for days. Thank God, I don't have to deal with this tonight. I've already ear-marked a fine bottle of Chateau Beychevelle.
No, Niles is coming over to watch "The Antiques Roadshow" with me.
It's our favorite show, Roz.
All right, that's enough.
I think the roadshow is from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania tonight. Amish country!
I'll cork the wine, Niles, you set up the cheese cakes.
I thought you were going night fishing with Duke?
Oh, for God's sakes, you can't keep this up forever, Dad. Well, all right, fine. I hope you don't mind, but Niles and I are planning on watching a television show.
Dad, we said we were sorry about Dodie's wedding.
Oh please, not a game show?
Are you talking about "The Antiques Roadshow?"
Well, that's the program Niles and I are going to watch!
Well, wonderful.
That's a lovely piece. I'd say it's Sheridan.
So does the inlay.
Daphne, if you want to try it on, we'll be glad to have a look.
Dad, Dad, turn it up.
Oh God... next week we gotta pick a different word. Need another bottle of wine, Niles.
You know, I can't get over Dad. It seems this little rift between us has been mended.
You know, that's uncanny.
No, not that, you just said "rotary sander."
Dad, did we miss anything?
Well sure, Dad.
How much did you give him?
Niles!
Sounds about right.
Dad, please, I don't even want to think about that day.
The loveseat expert?
Get out!
Good Lord, we can't appear on TV with that hideous thing.
Thank God he didn't bring along that dreadful mounted jackrabbit's head with the antelope horns.
Dad, you know, this could go either way.
No, no, Dad. We wouldn't dream of it.
What he means is, that's pretty much what we figured.
After you, Dad.
So, you know, Dad? I've been thinking, we should find an appropriate place for this clock. How about right here on this console?
It certainly was. You know, Niles, I was meaning to ask you about something. Remember the appraiser said something about the bear being from Russia, dad being part of the Romanov family?
Yes, although I don't seriously believe there's any real chance of that.
It's a long shot.
Although we do have the bear.
Oh, Dad. Niles just reminded me of something I completely forgot. When the appraiser mentioned that the bear was from Russia...
A-ha, he said something about the Romanov family?
Very funny, Dad. Point taken. Sherry, Niles?
Dad! Now that is just not true, we are proud to be Cranes. It's just innocent curiosity.
Yes, what the hell is wrong with us? Asking whether we are related to the Romanovs. We just got past this whole Crane shame thing.
Yes, and for what? Trying to find some distant connection to royalty.
Huh, a story to tell at parties.
Some meaningless title. It's insane.
Still, there is this grandmother.
You know, Niles, given our new pride in the Crane name, perhaps it would behoove us to research our family tree.
Yes, of course we wouldn't need to tell him.
Just a few hours on the internet, a trip to the library, we could sketch in the entire family tree.
Well, what harm is there in that?
It is amusing to contemplate, isn't it, Niles? You, me, Dad - all part of an ancient noble family.
Oh, sit down, Roz. I'll bring you up to speed.
Good God! Not one of your internet dalliances?
A picture? Oh, for God's sakes, Roz, what can you learn from a picture? The man's probably a lunatic, a psychopath... Oh, he's a pretty boy.
Wait... I know this photo. It's the cover of this month's Bidwell's catalogue!
I'm positive, I ordered those socks and driving shoes!
Well, it's probably some insecure would-be Romeo trying to lure you into a meeting.
Noel.
Yes. Well Niles, how goes the research?
Well, hold on to your fur hat, Niles. I just discovered that our great-great grandmother emigrated from Russia... 1879!
Yes.
Secretly slips away in the black Russian night...
Yes! The ticking hands of time counting down her return, her royal power merely hibernating. Yes? Yes, yes, I'll hold.
It's Dr. Myshkin. He's an attaché at the Russian embassy, also an expert on the Romanovs. Yes, Dr. Myshkin. This evening would be fine. About seven ó clock. Yes, I live in the Elliot Bay Towers. I'll see you then. He has some important information for us. My God, Niles, this is it. The final link to our royal past. I'm going to issue a press release!
You're not thinking of selling it, are you?
You know, Dad, perhaps Niles and I could sell the clock for you. I mean, we do know the antiques world and you know, we could get you more than twenty-six thousand.
Wise move, Dad.
Dr. Myshkin, please. Come in. This is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane.
Please, have a look. Is it authentic?
I know.
Daphne, you know, there is some caviar on the ice in the kitchen. Now would be the appropriate time, if you would, please?
Yes, yes, please make yourself comfortable. Do tell, tell.
Quel elegance.
There's a back aching for the lash!
Now, tell us. How did we get our clock back?
You mean, you're just going to take it?!
Niles.
Well, do you really expect us just to let you walk out of here with a precious family heirloom?!
Enjoy your bear.
Gee, Dad, I hope you didn't buy a boat.
A big one!
Of course.
Well... we're out fifteen thousand each.
And we're not Romanovs. We're descended from thieves and whores.
I'm right behind you.
Niles, the climate control is on, it's perfectly comfortable.
I'm starting to regret I even asked you to this exhibit. I wanted to invite Regan, but after the disaster I made of our first date I just felt too ashamed to even ask.
She'd ask me to stop harassing her, which would mean I'd have to spend the next six months riding in the service elevator with Guillermo and his three-legged cat!
Fine.
I see what you're doing, Niles! If you're so cold there's a scarf in the glove compartment.
Well, now it's burning up in here! I'm gonna take this coat off.
Take the wheel!
No, it's almost off.
Yes. Thank heavens your fist softened the blow of the airbag!
Yes.
Excuse me.
Yes, hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane here. I was just wondering, I filled out my paperwork about half an hour ago.
Oh really, well, I do have my own radio show.
Yes, of course.
Oh Niles, that's not necessary.
Good Lord, for what?
Oh, yes, probably your tenth. That's toxins, isn't it?
Good Lord.
You know, Niles, seeing as how we're here, why don't you go and find this Karnofsky and straighten this whole thing out?
That's all right, Niles, I'll be fine.
You know, it really is outrageous what these scalpel jockeys get away with; convincing women like Maris to spend fortunes on their exterior, when frankly what they need is to take a good look at the woman inside.
Off you go. Good luck, Niles.
You know, actually I'm feeling a lot better, goodbye!
Oh, I'm fine, thank you, Niles.
So how did things go with the nefarious Dr. Karnofsky? Did you give him a piece of your mind?
Really? That's quite a turnabout.
Niles, wrinkle your forehead for me, will you?
Just do it. Wrinkle your forehead.
You got a botox injection! You've got a forehead full poison right now, don't you?
Oh, it's a cosmetic procedure they use to eliminate facial wrinkles.
I can't believe you let Maris's witch doctor work her magic on you.
Yes, and most of the feeling in your face as well!
Well, turn it up, Dad, turn it up.
Dear God!
As it turns out, after I left the hospital some poor devil used my name to jump the line and he dropped dead of a heart attack. I must say, it does seem a bit strange having plunged all of Seattle, albeit temporarily, into so much grief.
Very amusing, Roz!
Yes, all right, Roz!
Yes, as a matter of fact, I did. It's my obituary.
Yes, they must have picked it up off the wire last night before the news ran that correction.
Dad, what are you talking about? You didn't think I was dead!
But I was sitting right beside you!
It's the truth!
Yes, well... you know, frankly, it’s-it's a little upsetting.
Not that. It's just, seeing all my life in black and white, it just all looks a little incomplete.
Well, I was going to do so much with my life. I was going to write a novel, run for public office, I was gonna do my own translation of Freud...
I guess you're right. I'm not dead, am I? You know, maybe that's a good way of looking at this actually, more of a wake-up call.
Well, thank you.
That's so nice of you. Thank you, thank you so much. You know, you're right. What am I doing frittering away my day here in this coffee house? You know, I've got things to do. I've got fresh world to conquer. I'm going to go out there and grab life by the scrub. Look out destiny, here I come!
Well, it's really coming down out there.
No, no, no, I'm going jogging later.
No, I'm serious, Daphne. I plan to go running just after I finish my obituary. It's a self- actualizing exercise. You write your obituary the way you'd like it to appear - years from now, of course - and then it helps you to focus your goals. Here they are, all my hopes and dreams.
Very amusing, Daphne. I meant as a stable owner.
No, I'm going jogging later.
I'm serious, Dad, I'm going to have to start somewhere if I plan to run a marathon!
Dad, we agreed that we were going to send back all the condolence baskets intact.
Really?
Oh, I don't know, Dad. I'd like to believe that, but I'm just too much of a realist.
It's a website, it teaches children about psychiatry!
Niles.
Is that a bandage sticking out of your shirt?
Well, right there.
On the back of your neck? You went to see Karnofsky again, didn't you?
Carbuncle? You mean that miniscule mole of yours.
Oh, please. Just knock this off. Isn't it time you just asked the woman out?
Like you did with Daphne?!
Oh, Niles, I am sorry. But I'd like to see you do this while I can still pick you out of a crowd. You know, I've got tickets for the opera tonight. Why don't you ask her to join you?
Come on. Take a cue from me, I'm completely reinventing myself. You know what, if I can learn a new language, write a bestseller, well then surely you can ask this woman out. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a marathon to train for!
I'm fine.
I don't think so.
Oh, dear God.
Play your cards right, I might let you take it for a spin around the lobby.
Oh, just a little sprain. It's gonna take a couple of weeks.
I guess I'm going to have to rethink my life's plan a bit.
Well, of course, Dad, why wouldn't I?
Yes, well you know, I've just got to scale things back a little bit. Set my sights on more attainable goals. For instance, here: "Visit South America." That's in. "Discover the lost treasure of the Incas." That's out. "Take up rafting." That's in. "Retrace Lewis and Clarke's Route." That's out. And all this perpetual motion stuff, all this can go.
Daphne!
Oh, all right.
Well, I can't tell you what a pleasure this is.
Yes, I do.
So, where are you two having dinner?
Terrace? Well, I didn't know they had a terrace.
Well, off you go then. Just remember, Niles, nothing puts on love handles faster than chocolate soufflé.
Very funny, lovely meeting you.
Well, she seems a bit much.
Well, picking the restaurant, dining on the terrace, you have to know the owner. Doesn't she remind you of someone?
I was talking about Maris.
Yes, you're right, Dad. In fact, I've got a lot to accomplish this evening. Tonight, I'm going to start on my Russian language tapes.
What is it, Dad?
What, don't you think I can do any of these things?
Thank you, Dad.
Well, as I said, I am streamlining.
Regan, it's me, Frasier!
Hi, Roz. Roz, is baby Alice dressed as a little turkey or am I just very, very hungry?
You know, you should just do what I used to do. I used to tell the passengers that if Frederick cried, I'd buy them all a drink.
Oh, yes. In fact, one time I awoke from a short nap, and the fellow sitting behind us was flicking the back of Frederick's little ear. Of course that was cheating, the man did not get his drink.
Well, Lilith is dropping him off around noon and then she's off to visit a colleague for Thanksgiving in Vancouver. You know, come to think of it, do they even celebrate Thanksgiving in Canada?
Frederick, hi.
Hello. Oh, gosh, you know, I was starting to get worried about you. You’re an hour late.
Really?
Yes, that's your mother all right, son.
Yes, that's your mother all right, son.
Yes, of course. Who is this colleague anyway?
Ah. Well, if the drumsticks are about this big, you'll know why.
Thank you, son.
What happened?
Oh, now, nobody caught anything from a rat that wasn't resolved in a day or two, off you go.
Yes, that's a very good one, Frederick. Go kiss your mother goodbye and unpack, all right?
Well, you know, Niles is coming this afternoon, and it'll be very uncomfortable, I think. You know, you two haven't seen each other since your little tryst.
I suppose you're right. It would mean a lot to Frederick. After all, Thanksgiving is a time to celebrate family.
Lilith's still here, Dad.
What's the matter?
Yes, Daphne's preparing dinner.
No need.
Lilith is joining us for dinner, Niles.
Oh, stop it, both of you! I refuse to spend the day listening to your distilled chatter!
Well, why don't you try going back to your former relationship?
Yes! You're willing to throw all that away just because one ill-considered night of passion?! It happened, take from it what you can learn, move on!
Was that so hard?
So, Lilith, tell me about this article you are writing.
Sorry Frederick, I'm with your mother on this one.
Well, I'm sure your mom can write it without my help.
It is an intriguing idea.
Oh Lord! Coming, Dad.
Yes, it sounds fascinating, doesn't it? It's a subject that's very near and dear to my own heart.
Well, if you think I might be helpful.
I'd be willing.
You know, Lilith, we could probably get most of it done in the time you're still here in town.
Well, I guess it would be alright by me.
No need.
Exactly! The weekend the father needn't be a weakened father.
Thank Goodness the line wasn't stop.
Oh, hi son.
Well, it's coming along nicely, thanks.
Oh, of course, yes.
Really?
Thank you, son.
There you are.
Looks fine.
Me too.
It is a little warm!
Dad, let me walk you out. There's something I want to discuss with you.
Well, actually Frederick told me, but you know, it actually makes sense. I mean, this colleague of hers gets mysteriously ill and then she lassoes me into writing this article with her and then all of a sudden before I know it, the bun is off and she's waggling her bare shoulder at me.
Then again, maybe I've just made this whole thing up in my head. Tell you what, Dad. Take a minute and then come back in. See what you think's going on in there and then find some subtle way to tell me what you think.
Lilith.
Yes, very nice.
Thank you, Dad.
Yes, Lilith, we do.
Well, you've just got this all worked out, haven't you!
I don't know what's worse: that you want me back or that you think I can be won so easily!
You assume you can just snap your fingers and old Frasier'll come-a-runnin'?! Well, I'm sorry, it doesn't work that way, sister. First of all I have to be finessed!
But who...? Frederick! He told me that you've been pining for me.
Good Lord, here we are writing an article on taking your child through a divorce and our son is nursing the hopeless fantasy that we'll get back together. We've got to go talk with him.
He could have been sublimating it for years.
Alright, so his plan was a little artless.
What do you mean?
A minibike?
Could he actually be so devious?
You know, I kinda regret doing that.
What are you going to do? Just come out and ask him?
What then?
Have you lost your mind?!
Cooler?! This isn't a game of poker! This is our son being lied to by his parents. We've got to go in there, tell him the truth and make it up to him. Even if it takes a fleet minibikes!
Oh, I know, why don't we just consult this handy little guide for divorced parents?!
Good idea, Lilith! You know what? Let's go in there and promise him the baby brother he'll never have!
Oh gee, don't be so tough on yourself, Lilith. After all, what parent doesn't at one time or another completely obliterate their child's chances of ever trusting another human being?! Oh well, there he is. Telling his friends that all of his dreams have come true.
When will you stop?!
He was willing to put us through absolute hell just for a minibike?
Yes... he's normal. We're not bad parents. Well done, Dr. Sternin.
Yes, I suppose we should. Must be sheer torment for him, waiting for the axe to fall.
Absolute nightmare.
Wine?
Daphne, are you saying you have feelings for Niles?
She says she's happy with Donny. But I'm not sure I believe either one of them.
All right, Dad! We just had front row seats for what is arguably the most disastrous wedding in history. Can't just ignore it with a lot of inane chit chat.
Niles?
Please, Niles, I really didn't do all that much. Just a minor pluck of Cupid's bow.
Stop it. I'm blushing! Just seeing you two kids together is thanks enough for me. Although I, I wouldn't turn down a bottle of '82 Latour.
Oh, I'd say so. You know, Dad, I'm amazed you let Simon drive that thing.
He did understand you were discouraging it?
Living up to the "Moon" family name, I see.
Morning.
For God's sake, I got news for you: the cat is out of the bag!
Yes, yes, Daphne, I know what you mean! So, how are you two doing?
I wouldn't, Daph. You know, Donny and Mel have suffered a terrible blow. They'll need space and time to lick their wounds. Believe me, in the emotional state they're in, the last thing they'll want is to speak with either of you.
That woman never misses an opportunity to show me up!
Well, I can't read the card from here, but I'd say they're from Donny.
Donny? Are you in here?
It's kind of dark in here. You think maybe we could turn on the light?
Oh, OK. There we go, that's better. Ah... Donny? You're gonna have to turn around. I can't see you.
We?
Oh, well, Donny...
Hello, Mr. Chump. Donny, are you all right?
Well, before I get to that, Donny, I'd like you to know that my visit here was completely my own idea. Daphne has nothing to do with it. What happened to you yesterday was unforgivable... and devastating. I know whereof I speak. You see, I too was once... abandoned at the altar. You're feeling abandoned and hurt, and completely alone.
Just so we're clear: All my remarks refer to human relationships.
Daphne realizes you went to great expense for this wedding, and she is prepared to repay you over time, but Donny, this hundred thousand dollars in punitive damages for emotional distress; that's not you. That's not the Donny Douglas I know.
No. You don't want to sue Daphne.
Gosh, there's plenty of blame to go around. I mean, even I played a minor part in these events.
Well, you, me, everyone. Let he who is without sin, right? Anyway, I'm glad we had this talk. God bless.
I may have mentioned in passing to Niles and Daphne how they felt about each other. Which may have, conceivably, set this ...whole thing in motion. Perhaps!
Oh, no. No, Donny, no. It was the night before, but... what I'm trying to say is if you feel the urge to yell at someone, well then yell at me. If you want to take a swing at someone, then here's my chin. Are you going to hit me?
Me?! But Daphne's the one who left you at the altar!
Donny, Donny listen, you're being emotional right now. Give this a few days and I'm sure you'll feel much better.
I'm sorry I'm late. What's wrong with Niles?
Dear God! She's never late!
Steady Niles!
Well, I used every psychological trick in my bag to get myself added to the lawsuit.
Tell me about it.
OK. If you need us, we'll be right up there.
Isn't this all too typical? Niles leaves his wife for another woman, he gets a gift. I try to do the right thing and I get Mr. Chump and a lawsuit!
Yes, you did.
Yes, I did!
All right, Dad!
Will you shut up?!
All right, there she goes.
Niles?
What kind of social functions?
Dear God!
Who's up next, Roz?
Hello, Cleo. I'm listening.
Is it that you can't choose, or you don't want to choose?
Roz. Um, it sounds to me as if each suitor possesses one quality that you admire. Rather than choose among them, why not try to find one person who fits all your criteria?
Sadly, we're out of time. This is Dr. Frasier Crane saying good day, Seattle, and good mental health - unless of course Roz has a problem with that.
Is there something wrong, Roz? Because if there is, we should discuss it before it bleeds into your work.
Well, I empathize, but-
It so happens I have big plans this weekend!
Roz, the Renaissance Fair is a fortnight after St. Swithin's Day. No, my son is coming to town. In fact, Dad and Daphne should be picking him up at the airport right now.
Well, it was sort of last-minute, actually. You know, you remember I had that reunion of sorts with my old college mentor, Dr. Tewkesbury. Well, it led to a lot of soul searching. He helped me to realize that I've been defining myself by my career, and it's time that I rearranged my priorities. And my first priority is my son.
No, thirteen, Roz.
Gosh, you know, the years really have flown by. I feel like I've missed so much.
Oh, lots of things! I thought we'd go and see a play, and, uh, maybe take in the computer show - he'd love that - and, uh, oh, I've decided we are going to read "Walden" together.
No, no, Roz, it is, actually. You see, every year we pick a book to read and discuss. It's been sort of a bonding thing between us. Gosh, you know, I hate to brag, but Freddie really is a very articulate young man. He's very imaginative, and not to mention what a great sense of humor he has.
Now careful, Roz, you don't want to turn into one of those mothers who bores everybody talking about her child.
Oh hello, Dad. Freddie, ha-ha! Come give your dad a hug!
Gosh, it's so good to see you! Well, so how was your flight?
Good, good, good, good. Did you get all your unpacking done?
Great! Gosh, I've been really looking forward to seeing you. We're gonna have so much fun. What would you like to do first?
Well, that's certainly not the greeting I was expecting.
Some sort of... steel mesh. What the hell are you watching?!
Good lord. He doesn't seem very happy to be here. He hardly said two words to me.
I never stopped talking to you.
Oh hi, Daph.
Good, good. Say, Daphne, did Freddie say anything in the car?
Hmm.
Ah, yes.
Hey Niles, I didn't miss a squash date, did I?
Oh, oh, I'll go and get him.
Here we are.
Niles! Why don't you get us both some sherry? Well, Freddie, you know, I've made some wonderful plans for our time together. Uh, I've already chosen the book we're going to read. I'll give you a hint: published in 1854, this paean to self-sufficiency was known as the "cornerstone of the transcendental movement."
Yes, yes, Niles, I'll let you get the next one. Freddie, any thoughts?
Niles?
Of course it is! It is life near the bone, where it is sweetest! Should be the source of much lively discussion, wouldn't you say?
Niles? Well, uh, yes, if that's what you'd like. We'll discuss it together.
Oh, shut up, Niles.
Say, Freddie, why don't you tell Grandpa about the new virtual reality-
And he's gone.
Oh, yeah. It was a blast, he spent the entire time trying to ditch me. You know, I only get to see Freddie a few times a year, and usually we make the most of it. Now all he wants to do is play that damn computer game!
That's entirely different, Dad-
So? What better time to read about nature?
You know, my mentor remarked on that very thing.
Freddie? Freddie, I've made a decision. We are going to the woods.
We are going camping. It'll be good for the both of us.
Too bad! It'll be fun! Fathers and sons should do fun things together!
That's why he's coming along as well! There will be no TV, there will be no electronics, there will be no distractions! Just three generations of Cranes cooking over a fire and sleeping under the stars! We leave at daybreak!
Oh, what an idyllic spot! I'm already beginning to feel like Thoreau.
It does not bite. "It is shelter, as good as the best, and sufficient for its coarser and simpler wants."
Yes. You know, the two of you may want to immortalize this good-natured reality in these journals that I bought for you.
Well, Dad, you simply write down your experiences.
Freddie, I... I don't see a bathroom.
Ah. Oh, how quaintly rustic! Yes, Frederick, just pick a tree and make it your own!
So Dad, I thought we might do an activity later.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe press some leaves, or-or whittle a bird call and see if we can lure some finches to our sill.
Dad, could you please be a little more supportive?
Dad, you can watch the playoffs all year!
What the hell was that?
You know, I'm just about fed up with your sarcasm. I'm trying to do some father-son bonding here, so will you just butt out?!
Oh, Freddie, there you are! Thank goodness.
I'm sorry, but Frederick is going to be having dinner with his family this evening.
Yes, we'll see. All right, now off you go, young people. Just sit down, Frederick, and eat your meal.
What'd you do?
Yes well, perhaps one day civilization will cut down all those trees, and pave over this grand wilderness, then you and your friends can play Frisbee without constraint, how would that be?
No!
Because this is your first camping trip, and we're gonna enjoy it together!
You never told me that.
Oh ... I see. Well, you may go. So, he's been camping before. Instead of this being something special between us, it's just another thing I've missed out on. This trip was a bust from the get-go. We leave at daybreak!
Sit!
Wait a minute. Isn't this Duke's sleeping bag?!
Oh gosh, Dad, I'm sorry I snapped at you earlier. You know, I guess I was just hoping this trip might give me and Frederick some sort of, I don't know, golden moment. I guess I'm just disappointed.
Hi, Fred.
OK. See you in a bit, Dad.
Frederick, we're gonna be leaving in the morning.
No? I thought you'd be dying to get back to your Game Boy.
Oh, really? With who?
Oh, then you don't have plans. We leave at... nine-ish.
The s’mores girl?
She's cute.
Ho-ho! I remember a particular cheerleader from my youth: Lorna. She was a beautiful girl. In fact, I was so intimidated by her I-I could never even work up the courage to approach her-
Oh...
I see.
Don't worry, son. It's just between you and me.
Give me that!
Oh Chelsea, you are in for a rare treat tonight. Hmm, this is the best opera, and Ben Heppner is singing the role of Tristan.
Oh, dear. The car seems to have stalled.
All right, let's not panic. Chelsea, if you would, please, open the glove compartment. You will find a flashlight and a small toolkit. Reach behind them, and hand me my cell phone. I'm going to call the auto club.
Now, now, ladies, Niles and I are no strangers to the automobile. Niles, let's have a look. I'll pop the hood.
That's very funny, Niles. No cause for alarm, ladies. Here we go.
Oh, dear God! Dad, you know very well we have no room in this house for another dog, let alone a puppy! They chew the furniture, they-they dig like demons, and they soil the carpet!
Oh well, congratulations, everybody should have one.
Dad, I said you could have a fish! Roz, would you help me here, please?!
Ah hello, Niles. Come on in.
Good.
No, no, we are serious, Dad. Niles and I felt completely helpless last night when my car broke down.
You know, I'm more than a little convinced that's why Chelsea turned me down for a second date.
But it was Ben Heppner singing Tristan!
Here we are: Basic Car Repair & Maintenance. I will call the bursar at once.
Mmm-hmm.
Yes. Actually, I'm looking forward to it, Dad.
As the enigma we call Shakespeare once wrote, "I am a true laborer. I earn that I eat, get that I wear. O no man hate, envy no man's happiness."
It's fantastic. You know, I'm almost jealous of whoever gets to sit here during the day and make learning his full-time occupation.
Yes, and apparently he "rules."
Randy, if I may? On behalf of the class, I would like to say that I-I feel that we're all a bit anxious. But with Randy as our driver, and Desire as our gasoline, we will complete this journey together. To paraphrase a famous little engine, "I think we can."
So, the engine is just like the timpani, the way it drives the orchestra forward.
Niles, the conductor guides the orchestra. He's more like the steering wheel. The actual driving forward - the driving forward is actually executed by the percussion section.
I don't know, you were talking!
Oh, right, right!
Good God!
We must not let that happen again.
Niles, it's down to us and Shirley!
Right, right. Oh, would you take off those stupid goggles?
Nobody else wore them!
Give me that wrench. Give me that wrench!
Here, I'll just try to loosen it up.
So you... twist, and then pull. You see, I was twisting and pulling simultaneously, as per your instructions: "twist-and- pull."
I know! It's humiliating!
Well, I guess we're just gonna have to roll up our shirtsleeves and see it through for the next eight weeks.
Although...
What do we actually accomplish by learning to change our own spark plugs? Oh yes, of course we acquire a new skill, but aren't we taking a job away from a qualified mechanic?
Yes, yes, the human toll begins to mount!
Not if I have anything to say about it! Niles, I'm quitting! If you care one jot about civilization, you'll quit too.
I think so, yes.
Niles!
No.
Oh! Well, thanks Dad, but, uh...
Gosh, Dad, I don't know what to say.
Well, first maybe I'll remove the topless playing cards.
Roz, do you mind? We're trying to study.
Yes, as much as we'd love to relive those four months with you, our class begins shortly. We're trying to learn last week's material.
If only we could, Roz. I, it's just that Dad and Daphne are so proud of us, we can't let them down. They already bought mahogany frames so they could showcase our certificates completion.
We have never walked the back alleys of underachievement before.
What?
I don't know.
Her voice was kind of muffled, what with her lips being pressed up against Randy's butt.
Oh-ho, we're in trouble now.
Please, please don't throw us out!
But what are we gonna tell our dad?
All-righty.
We became back-row hooligans, Niles. The very students we hated back in school.
So when Billy Kreizel tried to stuff you into your locker after math class, he wasn't really mad at you. He was mad at Pythagoras.
You know, we never should have lied to Dad and Daphne. If we wanted to quit, we should have just quit.
That's right: honesty.
I think you finally got it.
Well, it shouldn't take too long, Roz. I can't believe I'm actually scouring a science-fiction convention for "X-Men" comics. I feel like I'm contributing to the decline of my son's intellect.
Well, because I said no to the eyebrow ring.
Oh excuse me, good sir, um, could you direct me please to Cubby's World of Comics?
Oh, thank you, thank you very much. You are a fierce but helpful people.
Good lord, that's Jackson Hedley.
Jackson Hedley, the famous Shakespearean actor. He came to my school when I was a teen. He did a one-man show of soliloquies, and began my love affair with the Bard! Excuse me Roz, I think I'll just go pay my respects to Mr. Hedley.
Excuse me, um, what's Jackson Hedley doing here?
You mean Jackson Hedley was on a television show?
I don't know. Reading, attending the theater, getting haircuts.
Hello, Mr. Hedley. Uh, may I say, it's an honor to see you again.
Actually, I already have your autograph. I got it after seeing your performance of "Hamlet."
But not forgotten. May I say, on behalf of my brother and myself, thank you for opening our young eyes to the wonders of Shakespeare.
Tell me, do you get to do much theater anymore?
Ah well, what a shame. For you, and the theater.
Frasier Crane. Thank you, Mr. Hedley.
It just breaks my heart to see that man reduced to this. It's so demeaning.
Oh-ho, welcome home, Dad! So, how was Florida?
Ah, did you go see the Hemingway home?
That's delightful, Dad.
Nice to have you back, Dad.
Oh, thank you, Niles.
Hmm?
Ah, Niles. "Dear Coach Palet, please excuse Niles from gym, for obvious reasons."
Ah, yes. "To Niles, my kingdom for more fans like you. Jackson Hedley." That's lovely.
Oh, you wouldn't be if you'd been at that convention, Niles. To see the man who defined Hamlet reduced to hawking t-shirts and sci-fi gee-gaws.
Tragic. No artist should have to endure that.
Niles, how difficult would it be to mount Jackson's one-man show? It's relatively simple.
Well, why not? There's certainly no shortage of theaters in this town.
We could revive the man's career, just think what a gift it would be to return this man to the stage, where he belongs!
Yes, and if the evening goes very well, then who knows? We could be in for a long run, we might even take it on the road!
It could become a cottage industry! T-shirts, posters, personal appearances!
Gosh Niles, I can't wait to show Jackson his new venue. Gosh, what an honor it is to be reuniting such a great talent with the stage. Is he here yet?
Well, once this show opens he'll be able to throw away his oversize novelty shears.
Oh, I'm not surprised. I've got half the station coming.
Yes, you know, Niles, we've really done a good job of getting the word out. That's why we get to be producers.
Or shall we say, on your stage.
One week from today, you'll be looking out on a packed house!
Please, please. The theater is your true destiny. It courses through your veins, it fills your lungs. This... is your stage. Welcome home.
Ladies and gentlemen, I bring you to a hall in Elsinore Castle.
Oh!
Mm-hmm. Yes.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
What's that?
Well, we'll have to look at these later, Dad. That'll be Niles, he's here to discuss our show.
Oh hello, Niles, come on in.
Yes, yes, it's about Jackson.
It's not his fault! He's only rusty! After years on that ridiculous space opera, he's picked up some bad habits! Well, I was fortunate enough to find a videotape of his one-man show. Once he sees this, it will remind him what good acting is; you know, shake loose the artist from the android!
Yes, thank you. All right, listen, Jackson's on his way over here. Let's take a quick peek at this.
Oh, his Lear. Oh gosh, that brings back memories. Here, let me turn up the volume.
The man has no instincts. Just stinks.
What all good producers do: we'll shut down and blame the director!
That'll be Jackson now. All we have to do is get Jackson to bow out gracefully, and we'll refund all the tickets.
Please come in, Mr. Hedley.
Please, Mr. Hedley, won't you sit down?
You do?
It is to us.
Mr. Hedley, it's not the director. We have a problem.
Let me be frank, because an artist of your caliber deserves honesty... an acting performance is a journey of discovery. This brief rehearsal time that we've given you is-is far too short to reach Parnassus, home of the Muses.
Look out there. Everybody we know is out there. Look at all those smiling faces, soon to be frozen into a rictus of revenge!
It's standing room only! You know, Niles... I think we may have exceeded maximum occupancy.
It would be a shame if someone should... call the fire marshal and he should shut us down.
Just call!
No, I'm-I'm sorry, I-I believe that your watch happens to be a tad fast.
Get me a Sprite!
Just our luck!
Oh, Roz!
Lovely to see you.
Then we must get you to him immediately! You see, you're at the wrong theater!
Yes, yes, Jackson's performing clear across town!
I know, you see, there's been a terrible snafu-
-with the marquee letters. You see, they got ours, we got theirs.
Who doesn't, but surely you love your son more!
This young lady knows this town inside and out! Roz, please escort Mr. Hedley to the Portland Playhouse A.S.A.P.!
There's no time for buts, please do it now!
Yes!
Mr. Hedley, I'm afraid we have some bad news.
We know this must be devastating to you-
That is good news.
You're not gonna shut us down, are you?
Mr. Hedley, I'm afraid we have some bad news-
We're out of seats!
No, no! We're not going to take any lumps! Desperate times call for desperate measures!
Shield yourself, Niles, "for the rain, it raineth everyday!"
This place really is a deathtrap!
Oh my God! Oh Mr. Hedley, are you all right?
Dear God, Niles, I feel horrible. It's as if we wished it, and it happened.
Well, I guess I'd better go out and make an announcement.
If I may have your attention, ladies and gentlemen. Tonight my brother Niles Crane and I had hoped to bring a great talent back to the stage. A truly, truly gifted actor, a man we greatly admire...
Yes, yes, he does deserve your applause, but in a tragedy befitting of the Bard himself, it seems that...
...it seems he's ready to begin. Ladies and gentlemen, I bring you now to a hall... in Elsinore Castle.
All right, if you must know, I'm just about to leave for something called a "speed date."
Well, apparently it's the latest thing: twelve men and twelve women get together in a room. They spend eight minutes talking to one other and then move on to the next person after a bell rings. Basically, it's all the stress and humiliation of a blind date... times twelve.
Well, I'm just so tired of being surrounded by happy couples, I just thought I should do something a bit more proactive.
Oh, among others. Believe me, no one could be happier for Niles than I, but there are days when his lovesick swain act wears the tiniest bit thin.
Is that my sweater?
Well, actually, I was going out this evening and I was thinking about changing my attire. While the suit projects a certain professionalism, you know "Dr. Frasier Crane," I was thinking perhaps the sweater could impart a more casual feel, "Just Fraizh." Any thoughts?
Here's an idea: what if put the sweater under the jacket? Then I'll get the best of both worlds.
I know this may seem like nothing to you, Roz, but the tiniest decision can shape your whole destiny. So, which path should I follow? Sweater? Suit. Sweater? Suit. Sweater?
Fine, you're right. Okay, fine. We'll go with... the suit.
Wish me luck.
Oh, I'm sorry. Pardon me. Say, don't you work at KACL?
Oh, hi, Mike. Frasier Crane. Have you met Roz Doyle?
Oh, you are new, aren't you?
Well, I - ow! Gosh, I think I've wrenched my shoulder.
No, that's all right. Ow!
Roz, don't you have coffee waiting? Hi, I'm Frasier.
No, not at all.
I know this may seem like nothing to you, Roz, but the tiniest decision can shape your whole destiny. So, which path should I follow? Sweater? Suit. Sweater? Suit. Sweater?
Fine, you're right. We'll go with... the suit.
No, no, the sweater.
Good lord, what a klutz. All right, Roz, wish me luck.
Ah.
I suppose after that you went on a kiln spree.
And more than your fair share of hearts, I'm sure.
No, actually, I didn't have anything special planned.
Yes, that's very droll.
Yes, I do.
Indeed it did not.
It could not have been worse.
You're not listening, Dad.
No, but if I ever want to track any of them down, I can always write them, care of... the bottom of the barrel.
Oh, hi, Daphne. Let me give you a hand with that.
You're really loadin' up, aren't you?
Oh, that's not 'til next week.
Daphne? Are you planning on using cumin in this recipe?
Oh, lord, Niles is terribly allergic to cumin.
Yes, yes, I know. He tried to wearing an allergy tag, but his neck was too weak to support it.
Yes, that's fascinating, Dad.
I wonder if I'll ever see another unmentionable.
It was twelve bad dates. And a hundred before that. I'm through with love... I'll never call again...
Actually, I didn't go, Dad. I went to the hospital instead.
Dad, you're not listening.
Actually, I tripped and sprained my shoulder, but I'm actually feeling no pain because I met a beautiful young woman.
No, she's the girl that tripped me. Her name is Monica, she's a commercial artist, she's cute as a button, and she's a danger to herself and others.
Oh, hi, Daph.
Well, I would, except I sprained my shoulder.
The doctor told me to take it easy.
Oh, I met a girl today!
You know what? It might be a bit soon, but I think I'm gonna give Monica a call.
Say hello to him for me.
Hi, Monica. Yeah, injured anybody lately? Really? I was calling because I thought maybe we could have dinner tomorrow night. I don't know, maybe we could meet at Café Nervosa around seven and go from there? Wonderful. Great. I'll see you tomorrow. Goodnight.
She said "Yes"!
Tomorrow night, I have a date with an angel!
So we had dinner again on Thursday night, and then again on Friday. She had plans with her parents on Saturday, so, to keep our streak alive, I actually sent her a videotape of me eating and talking into the camera.
You don't think it's a little too much?
So how are things with Mike?
I'm going too. You know Roz, I think this a first: you and I in happy relationships at the same time.
Uh, it's better actually. My peripheral vision's coming back.
Wait 'til you see what's coming next. You won't be able to thank me in public.
Oh, let me get that for you.
Well, I'm not about to let up now. I never want her to feel as if she's being taken for granted.
Oh, please. In the great golden book of love, Niles will be a mere footnote to my glorious saga. I'm gonna take his ball and run it to the end zone. Is that a thing?
Good.
You had me right up until "diaper," Dad.
Excuse me, somebody trying to watch "Behind the Music," here.
Hello? Yeah, hi, Roz. No, no I'm not going to the benefit. Yeah, I'll bet she's got a great personality. Yes, well, thanks anyway, Roz. Listen, you have a good time. Right, goodnight.
Yeah, she's going with some guy lives in her building, he's got a sister.
Dad, please. The only thing worse than a blind date would be a blind date on Valentine's Day. Okay? I couldn't imagine a worse way to spend an evening.
Maybe Roz hasn't left yet.
It's now 7:45. At this precise moment, she should be receiving a jeroboam of chilled champagne.
Oh, God, Dad, you don't know the half of it. This morning she was awakened by a string quartet on her porch. Then, when Monica arrived at her office, there were seven dozen roses on her desk. A dozen for every day that I've known her.
Nutmeg?
Carob?
Now, Niles, don't let a little mistake disturb the most magical evening of...
Hey, Roz. Where's Mike?
Oh, Kenny, look at you.
Why don't we sit down? Here we are, let me.
I was thinking perhaps, after the party, we could take a carriage ride in the park and make our way to your place where, I believe, there is a two pound box of chocolate truffles waiting for you.
Yes, well, your sister told me that truffles were your favorite.
Well you'll have your chance on Sunday, we're having dinner with her and Jack.
Oh, yes of course, I understand.
Hi, Roz.
Same to you.
Hello.
Nice to meet you, too. Well, Roz, listen, thanks for getting me out of the house. I'd been sitting there feeling sorry for myself long enough.
You know, on the way over here, I was actually getting excited over meeting someone new.
Oh.
Aarr!
Okay.
It must be.
For you.
It's just a drop in the ocean compared to what you deserve.
Well, I'm glad to hear you say that. You wait right here.
Good evening everybody, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. Normally I deal with matters of the head, but tonight I'd like to share what's in my heart. Monica, this is for you.
Have I a hope or half a chance, To even think that I could dance with you? Ooh, ooh. Would you greet me or politely turn away? Would there suddenly be sunshine on a cold and rainy day? Oh, babe, what would you say?
Yes, oh, baby I know, I know I could be so in love (congratulations) with you. And I know that I could make you love me too. And if I could hear you say the words you do, ooh, ooh. Well anyway, what would you say?
Well, I could tone things down. And we could start fresh. How about lunch tomorrow? You see, I was going to say breakfast.
I see. Well, you know, I'll get my car.
Well, I'm humiliated.
It's my own fault, really. I guess I just saw what Niles had and I pushed too hard to get it for myself.
Well, maybe...
Oh, well, what about Mike?
What a load of crap.
Let's go to our next caller.
Glad you liked him.
Oh, well, I'm flattered, Rachel, but I make it a policy not to date my callers.
No, thank you Daphne. Isn't Niles taking you to dinner soon?
You know, I'm really starting to worry about her.
Ah! Hello, Niles.
Dad!
Listen, Niles. This may be a bit of a sensitive subject, but have you noticed anything... different about Daphne lately?
Well, I guess I meant more in a... physical way.
I, I guess what I'm really talking about is her... size.
Niles...?
I hope one day to love a woman the way you love Daphne.
She's in the kitchen.
Kenny. Gosh, this is a surprise.
Is there something wrong at the station?
Oh, Kenny, what did you do?
Kenny! Listen, if you go down and meet with this woman, it could be the end of your marriage. Now, I've never met your wife, but you've always spoken very highly of her. Are you prepared to lose her?
Then you can't go.
You gave this woman your home number?
Oh, God. All right, well, you're just gonna have to go down there and tell her the whole thing's off.
Kenny, Kenny, wait! Maybe you're right, maybe you shouldn't go down there.
All right, uh... Go home. I'll go down and talk to her for you.
Well, yes. All right. Okay. What name did you make the reservation under?
What are you thinking?
All right.
Good lord, what happened?
Kenny. I thought you left hours ago.
Rest assured, you're off the hook.
I must say, she was rather attached to you, but I convinced her it was time to move on.
I'm positive. Listen, Kenny, about Janice. There's something I'd like to ask you: See, we sort of hit it off. I made plans to see her again. Is that okay with you?
Thanks. Okay. Let's save a little for the ladies, shall we?
Oh, Daphne, listen. My date'll be here any second and I can't seem to find the water crackers.
Ah, well. You know, I must say Daphne, I've admired your resolve the past few days.
Oh, Kenny!
Oh, now, Kenny, try to calm down. Isn't it entirely possible that because you were thinking of cheating yourself, you're just projecting your guilt onto her?
Oh, lord, that'll be Janice. We have a date.
Right, right. Okay, tell you what: why don't you wait in my bedroom, it's right down the hall there. And I'll send her to the kitchen and come get you when the coast is clear.
Oh, Janice, come on in. Here let me take your coat.
All right, Kenny, Janice is in the kitchen so you're free to go.
All those sound good.
Good for you!
Ah, hello, Niles.
Janice?
Dad! I thought you were going to clear out tonight. I've got a date.
Very funny!
Dad! For God's sake, how many times do I have to tell you, my Chihuly is not a trash can!
All right, Kenny, time to go.
I'll tell you what, let me work up some preliminary thoughts over the weekend.
Oh, my God!
All right now, listen, let's not get overly dramatic, all right?
No! No, no, no. You're only going to do something rash. I'll tell you what, Kenny, I want you to lie down on the bed.
Yes, yes. This is a very effective anger management technique.
There you go. Just lean back, close your eyes and count to a hundred... thousand.
Kenny, Kenny. Your wife is not cheating on you. Don't ask me how I know that. Maybe it's because of the hundreds of people I've counseled over the years, maybe, maybe it's just a hunch, I don't know. It's just that yes, the two of you have problems, but they're the kinds of problems people have when they've been in a relationship a long time. All you need to do is talk. I want you to go home. I'm sure you'll find your wife there waiting for you.
Oh, any time.
Hmm? That's not your wife's purse.
No, it's not.
Lots of women can have the same purse.
Kenny, I've gotta tell you something. It's a little complicated and I'm sure that in the future we'll all have a good laugh over it. It's just that well, I did not have a date with Janice tonight.
Yes, yes, I did have a date. But it was with...
Exactly.
Right. Here, take your purse.
I don't keep chocolate in my room... Roz! Get out here.
Of course we will, Daph. You know, there are professionals who can help.
Thank you Dad! I was referring to something more like a spa, all right? Although you might look into that jaw thing!
Yes. Most importantly, Daphne, you should know that we love you, and you're not alone.
Roz!
Oh Roz, to what to I owe the pleasure?
Yes well, a brighter bulb wouldn't have admitted it. Let's see - oh! "Dear Dr. Crane, enclosed are four tickets to tonight's Sonics game as thanks for your advice on today's show. Sincerely, Allen from Earlemont."
Well, actually Niles and I are already having a boy's night out. We're gonna go see the Northwest Chamber Ensemble's Spring Sing. After that, a late dinner at Le Cigare Volant!
And to think I was going to offer you these basketball tickets.
So that's it, huh? No Americans left.
I suppose you'll just be using one of those.
Have a nice date, Roz.
Oh Dad, I've got something here that I think you might be interested in.
An apology?
Well, listen Dad, I intended to-
Glad to see you're so excited.
Listen Dad, there's something you should know-
You're paying for the snacks.
Well, uh, they're for, uh, Niles and Daphne, of course. But, um, I made the arrangements so long ago I didn't anticipate Daphne going for her master's degree at the Fat Academy.
But, uh, you know, Dad, uh, why don't I let Niles in, and then you can go get ready, all right?
Don't you want to take your big foam finger?
This is gonna be fun!
Yes, all three of us!
Yes, just you wait!
Ah, here we are, Row four. Here look, why don't we let Dad sit between us?
However did we get through those?
You know, Niles, that wouldn't be so much a game as an activity.
Oh hi, Dad.
Oh good, what'd you get for it?
Thank you.
I spy, with my little eye, something beginning with "V."
No.
No.
Where do you see Vienna sausages?
Excellent, Niles! Your turn.
We're just playing I Spy, Dad.
Tell you what, Dad, here. Why don't you switch seats with me, and that way we won't disturb you?
I'm going to say no.
Niles, my legs are much longer than yours.
So I should be sitting in that seat.
It was mine to begin with.
I'm not playing.
Fine.
Now what are you doing?
I do. Switch seats with me.
Suit yourself. Oh my, these rich, waxy emollients are delightfully soothing...
Thank you.
Good luck, Niles.
Thank God we switched seats, that could be me down there! Poor Niles!
Dream or not, Dad, eventually he's going to try to take that shot. You know how Niles throws!
I don't know what that means.
Now entering the apartment, a 5'9'' psychiatrist from Seattle, Niles Crane!
Glass of sherry, Niles?
Gosh, Niles, you making that basket tonight was truly astonishing. And what's even more unbelievable is that you are now the proud owner of a rugged, ram-tough, all-terrain pickup truck.
Ah!
Well, that may be so, Niles, but still and all you did go down and do it. Not many people could have done that.
Good thing I wangled those tickets, eh, Dad?
Are you sure? The jocks usually sit over at that table.
Yes, so we've been hearing.
Thank you, Niles, but I'd like to think I've already mastered pants. I assume you're going to select a more appropriate jacket for this evening's concert?
But Niles, we've already rescheduled the concert once!
Well, not because of me, it was because of Dad.
Well, it's not the same! We had an agreement! If you should choose to dishonor it, there will be consequences.
Hmm?
Well, I just don't, I don't, uh, well, I - all right, fine.
You may join me if you wish, Roz. Be forewarned, I am feeling a bit peevish.
No, this is not about latte foam, Roz! Ever since Niles made that basket, his head's been getting bigger and bigger.
Amazingly lucky! To hear Niles tell it, it all started with a little rubber factory in Sumatra, where an unsuspecting basketball began a journey that would lead to greatness.
I would not! I would treat it as the chance occurrence it was... like finding a terrific parking spot in front of the opera house.
Well, it was right in front of the steps, Roz!
Yes, I suppose I do. Guess I'll just have to grin and bear it for a little while longer.
Oh, your French beau. How's that going?
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?!
For God's sake-
Well, all right!
I can't imagine why this isn't working.
And sadly, no one was able to answer today's psychological mind-teaser, so once again the prize goes unclaimed. By the way, today's answer was "anhedonia." Anhedonia. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying good day Seattle, and good mental health.
Oh please, Kenny, I will not pander. When some lucky individual looks at his prize, I want him to be able to say, "I earned this."
Well...
Roz, you're doing a documentary?
So Roz, you're a space nerd!
Ah, indeed. Roz, sounds like your show could be a portal from which we can glimpse the promise of the future - a promise linked by a billion stars. God speed, Roz Doyle.
Me?
Oh Roz, pooh! I welcome a little role reversal, I think it'll do our relationship a lot of good.
No, of course not. Gosh, you know, actually I'm kind excited. You may not know this, but as a tyke I had my heart set on space flight. Tragic, isn't it? How a child's dreams can be squashed by a single ride on a diabolically speedy Tilt-A-Whirl?
Hello everyone, I'm terribly sorry I'm late. Please, continue. Lead on, maestra.
I'm sorry, Roz, I-I was just looking for a little caffeine kick-start.
Yes, of course it can. You're the maestra.
Right.
You know, I thought we might intercut between the Russian and American programs and build up the tension of the space race.
How about those chimps?
Well, it's just a teeny thing, Roz. I was thinking that, seeing as how it is the jumping-off place for the future, that we might devote two segments to the International Space Station.
I just said that.
Well, you must have heard me, Roz, because you said no!
Well, it - not to belittle your suggestion, B.K., which I love – it's just that particular piece of music, uh, has been a bit, ah, I don't know, a bit... overused. And it occurs to me that perhaps an equally evocative, but less familiar piece of music might better serve. Thank you.
Exactly, it's a little less on the nose.
It's like space! Now we're cooking!
This is good!
Better yet, Charles Ives! And then for the Russians, we can use-
Let's do it!
Well, yes, of course, Roz. You're the boss. Be back in five, everybody.
Uh, listen Roz, let me give you just one little piece advice. I find that when I'm in a leadership position, the best way to rally my staff-
And I support that-
Well... I'm not sure that's a very wise tone to take if you don't want to lose your narrator.
Well, I'm just saying that alienating me isn't probably in the best interests of the show.
Well, then maybe I should just leave "the show."
Well then, "the show" can BITE ME!
I realize I've gone on here a bit, Fred, so let me try to boil this down for you: if you want to be a good leader, you've got to be able to admit when you're wrong. No one ever stood so tall as when he - or she - stooped to say, "I'm sorry."
Which brings to mind another phrase: "There is none so blind as he"-or she-"who will not see." We'll be right back after the news.
You did not fire me, I quit. But at this late date, Roz, you should be spared the burden of having to replace me. So, why don't we agree to put aside our egos and continue with the program?
Oh, Roz. You've gone with an "also-ran." Who is it?
The astronaut?
The senator?
So I take it there was nobody available with any previous radio experience.
On the contrary, every time I offer her an olive branch, she snaps it in two, sets it on fire, and writes "NO" with the ashes! She had the temerity to call me overbearing! This time the wound is deep, my friends, bone deep!
Oh yes, of course sometimes I am forceful with my opinions, but that is only because I'm passionate! And right! And passionate about being right! "Overbearing," as if!
It's insupportable, Dad! She went out and got John Glenn to replace me!
Yes, yes, the American hero!
Oh, moondust and starshine, Dad! Yes, he's "been to space." But does he have the voice, the savvy, the radio charisma, hmm?!
John Glenn is just a space-age Band-Aid, Niles, and Roz is using him to cover up this enormous authority issue she has with me, which she persists in denying!
You're right, Niles, it's time for action! I have got to show her once and for all that I am not some meddler and she is only being paranoid! Now I'll be in my room, plotting some way to prove it!
Senator?
I'd like to introduce myself. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.
It's a pleasure to meet you. I was the previous narrator on the documentary.
Well, you've heard her side of the story, maybe someday you'll hear mine.
Yes, unfortunately. The Opera Guild's annual... football tournament. Well, I'm the quarterback. Anyway, uh, here, if you wouldn't mind indulging me-
I have a few suggestions that I didn't have a chance to run by Roz. Um, here we are. Now this first one is about a Seattle man who took his two sons to the roof to see if they could spot Friendship-7 flying by.
It's very perceptive of you, sir, yes. That was me, my father, and my brother. I thought a story from the glory days of space might help to launch the show.
Oh, about that - it's probably best that Roz never know we had this conversation.
Well, you see, any suggestion that came from me right now, Roz would be inclined to shoot down, and uh, she's still a little ticked off at me for dropping out.
Oh, we're not going behind anybody's back! Even if we were, it's only temporary! At any rate, it is for the good of the show.
Oh, that's terrific. Thank you, sir. It was a pleasure to meet you. Take care. Oh, Senator? Uh, what do you drink up there, Tang?
Roz, I'm just observing. If you want me to go, I will, but you have to admit this is sort of a once-in-a-lifetime thing.
No, I'M full of good ideas!
Roz, you just agreed to two of my suggestions, which proves your problem is with me and not with them!
Roz, it's all right, the Senator and I are old friends! I took the liberty of running a few irresistible ideas by him so that I could prove my point and let you come clean!
I'm sorry, Senator, but-but if I used you it was only as the swift and terrible sword of justice!
Now listen up, Roz, I'm gonna tell you what I did this for.
Oh yeah, well I'm mad too, so just bring it on!
But Roz, you didn't even give me a fair shake!
All right, Roz, I'll admit that maybe I was being a little too assertive, all right? But the least you could do is admit that perhaps you were a bit defensive?
Accepted. Oh Roz, come on, our friendship is much more important to me than this documentary.
Looks like maybe somebody should cut back on the old Tang.
Thanks, Roz.
Hi, Roz.
Can I get a latte to go, please?
Well, Niles, it's official: our old high school is on the verge of bankruptcy.
We disbanded it this morning.
Oh, gosh. I stole my first kiss in that science lab. Jill Solomon. She was pretty upset about it, but I was beaming all the way to the nurse's office.
I don't see how we can prevent it, Niles. Believe me, there are no more alumni arms left to be twisted.
Perhaps you're right. Let's get some of that cash flowing Bryce's way!
No time to waste, Niles. How's Wednesday evening?
I've got an appointment at the spa.
Well, not willingly. It's with the good masseur, the blind one.
Yes, all right. We don't want to pounce. Let's let them get settled in, have a few cocktails, and when they're sufficiently relaxed comfortable, we'll shear them like Delilah!
Let the fundraising begin!
Hello, one and all. Please, come in, come in, please. Let me take your coat. Please, make yourself at home.
Thank you.
Really? Well, it's hardly as impressive as that portrait Hockney did of your wife.
Excuse me?
Actually, that's not... Mertzie! Good to see you. How is everything?
Not very well. It seems Marshall sank all his money in a new house. Sally sank all her money in a new boat. Which sank.
Wait! Niles, at the door, isn't that...?
No, no, no, the woman next to her. Isn't that Penelope Janvier?
Niles, this is amazing luck. She could write a check covering the whole amount without batting an eye!
No, wait. We're only going to have one crack at this, we better make it a good one. Let's devise a little plan, come with me.
Now, we've got to appear casual.
Perhaps, perhaps. Yes. I remember an aphorism that's usually attributed to Santayana, but I have my own little version...
Just give me the chance to get the words right. "Money can not so enrich a man..."
Let's get the hell out there!
Dad, Dad, what happened with that woman just now?
What was it, Dad? A bawdy joke? Nose whistling?
Janvier, Dad, Jean, JEAN! Oh, it doesn't matter.
You didn't ask her out, did you Dad?
Oh, I'm sorry, Dad, it's just that I'm a little shocked.
I can think of one possibility.
Niles, they went to a steak house. Penelope's paying. I'm sorry, but I don't think a forty-eight-ouncer is out of the question.
You know, Niles, hard to believe but Penelope Janvier could actually become Dad's girlfriend.
That he did. You know it might be good for Dad, too. Thank you.
For Bryce.
My God! She came home with him!
Dad.
Dad, am I mistaken, or did we just hear the sound of a woman's voice out here?
The powder room! I haven't changed the hand towels for three days!
Don't you cluck your tongue at me!
Hello.
Bye-bye.
Who the hell is Estelle?!
Penelope for example.
Good lord, Niles, you won't believe this. Bryce trustees are already reviewing a proposal for the purchase of their land.
The time for hints is passed, Niles. We've got to be direct.
I didn't say "honest," I said "direct." Try to keep up, for God's sake!
Hi, Dad.
So, wow! Is that espresso?
You got a cell phone?
Yes, yes. Dad, about Penelope, actually, we were wondering...
Didn't you just make a date for Tuesday at seven with Penelope?
Dad, listen, we were thinking it might be time that we meet Penelope. She sounds enchanting.
Dad, for God's sake! Isn't there enough on your plate as it is?
Dear God, what'll we do now?
I already tried that, but there's a six-month waiting list just to see her.
Good lord, Dad must have left his phone. Maybe I better run and tell him it's Penelope.
You know, I'll never catch him.
Hello? No, this is his son, Frasier. Penelope Janvier? Oh, how nice to speak with you. A cocktail party, tomorrow night. He'll be there. In fact, I'll make sure of that, I'll be driving him myself. You see, my brother Niles and I will be with him all day. It's our once a year family day and we do just about everything together. What's that? Are you sure, really? Well, then yes, we'd love to come.
My, Penelope certainly has good taste.
Yes, hello, we spoke on the phone. It's such a pleasure to meet you.
Dad speaks about you all the time.
A small epiglottis.
Oh, yes, high school. It's a pity about our old high school...
Ah, hello.
Yes, all right.
Us? Oh, well, actually, your mother invited us here.
Don't worry, Niles, we'll get a chance. We've got all night.
What?
Oh, good lord.
He, he had to take more pills.
Well, not really, no. He'll be fine. I just wish I could same the same for our old high school.
The long and the short of it, Ms. Janvier, is, is that my alma mater, Bryce Academy, is in dire straights. The coffers are bare, and our only hope is to find a savior. Forgive me for being presumptuous, but I was hoping it might be you.
Oh, well then you must also be familiar with their excellent standards.
Well, with your endowment, I'm sure he'd be a shoe-in. I, I'm sorry, Ms. Jean Vie, please, we are desperate.
Thank you, thank you. That's very kind of you, thank you so much.
Dad! Dad! For God's sake, you can't leave now! Penelope will get suspicious!
What?!
All right, listen Dad. Bryce Academy is going bankrupt. Penelope is going to write a check tomorrow to save it. So until then, I need you to pretend that you're still interested in her.
And you wouldn't want that, now would you, Dad? Here we are.
Doctor, be thorough.
Ms. Janvier, I realize that I've been a little pushy...
Oh, well, then be prepared to love me, because I need that check right now.
Ah, Ms. Janvier. Thank you again, so much. Just make it out to "Bryce Academy."
Oh, yes, when you sign as many autographs as I do, you always have to have your... oh, good lord, I'm...
Oh, lord.
We're Marty's boys.
Just ignore that.
Ms. Janvier, please. I don't blame you for being angry, but if you believe in the hope of tomorrow and a brighter future, then please, please don't punish the children of Bryce Academy for our misdeeds.
Thank you. Thank you so much!
Yes.
Oh, Niles, I can't wait to see the expression on the headmaster's face when he sees this check for... ...fifty dollars.
Uh, well, I, I guess it's fifty dollars more than we had before.
Right, Dad.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm terribly sorry I'm late! Oh, it's just coming down in buckets out there!
Oh lord, Niles, are you in the middle of your inauguration speech? I'm so sorry.
It's just that I have an announcement of my own to make.
I move that we re-open new business.
Point of order: once a motion has been seconded, there must be a vote.
To override procedure, there must be a quorum.
Corkmaster, members of the wine cabinet, esteemed brothers and sisters, I come here tonight with a heavy heart. You see, I am resigning from the wine club.
No, no, of course not, Niles, I couldn't be happier for you. You see, I've been afforded a marvelous opportunity to pass on what I've learned here to a much larger audience. Starting next week I will be hosting a new feature on KACL, called "the Wine Corner," just at the end of Gil Chesterton's "Restaurant Beat." Thank you, thank you.
Oh well, no, regrettably no. You see, like this Camembert, I am at my most delicious when I'm not spread too thin. But this isn't goodbye by any stretch of the imagination. Please, I invite each and every one of you to call into my show, so that you can help me get Seattle hooked on our sometimes whimsical, always enlightened brand of discussion. But, I've taken enough time away from Niles. After all, this is his night. He has been elected Corkmaster of this fine club.
All in favor?
Well, if you insist! It was a short seven years ago, on a night very much like this one, a man had a dream...
All right, Roz, now this is a very different kind of show we're going to be doing, so are you clear on the procedure?
Oh, ha-ha, very funny. All right, now listen, this is a list of the members of the wine club. If any these names should happen to call, put them through immediately, and then fasten your seat belt for an all-out, free-wheeling symposium!
Ah, Kenny!
Yes well, let's just keep that out of the ads, shall we?
Kenny!
Actually, it was my idea.
Listen, Gil, I-I hope you don't mind my doing this segment.
Thank you, Gil, for that gracious introduction. And hello, Seattle! Welcome to "The Wine Corner." I hope you're as excited about this new program as I am. I offer myself as sherpa – a guide, if you will, to lead you through the labyrinth of vintages and wine lists, chateaus and bodegas, and take you hopefully to a whole new level of sophistication...
In summary, Linda, the year listed on the bottle is not an expiration date. So that wine from 1997 should be perfectly safe to drink. Who else, Roz?
In that case, this is Frasier Crane, reminding you that a great wine is like a great woman: always intoxicating, ever-surprising, and only getting better with age.
Oh, who cares, Roz? I stopped listening to myself ten minutes ago. You're sure no one from the wine club called?
It's just that I was hoping to provoke the same kind of spirited debates we have at the wine club! No holds barred free-for-alls! Sometimes go into the wee hours of the night and even spill out into the streets. Oh, Roz, we loved wine then.
Dad, tell me if you think this is too subtle for my listening audience. "This delightful offering is infused with the brooding, almost dangerous, presence of vanilla."
Well, you don't think it's clear that I enjoyed the wine?
Oh lord, that'll be the new therapist.
Oh now, behave yourself, Dad. It's only until Daphne comes back. And besides, you have no idea how difficult it is to find a therapist who can also cook. Her name is Frederika.
Now Dad, the Germans never threw anybody off the team for that.
Ah, hello.
Won't you come in? Here, let me take your bag. I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, and this is my father, Martin. Here, let me take your coat.
Listen, my father's been, well, letting his exercises slide a bit.
Ah, yes... "But discernible only to the educated palate is the hint violets that lingers like a haunting refrain..."
Is he all right?
But I meant-
Hello? Oh yes, thank you for returning my call, Brother Peabody. Yes well, I'm just wondering, how come none the members have been calling my wine show? No! Well, just because Niles is Corkmaster, it doesn't mean he has the right to dictate whom you may and may not call! Good lord, the man is my own brother! How can someone turn his back on his own flesh and blood- Someone on the phone here!
You know very well. How dare you instruct the members not to call in to my radio show?
"Any commercial endeavor," yes, yes, Niles, you can hide behind some flimsy bylaw if you wish to for as long as you like, but we both know the subtext behind this pretext: vindictiveness!
In light of this abuse of power, I move that the Corkmaster be stripped of his title! And that some more well-deserving member be named in his stead!
Point of order: a motion cannot be denied that has been seconded!
I did no such thing.
For God's sakes, Niles, will you listen to yourself! This is just a wine club!
Yes, and you know how important my radio show is to me.
So you admit it. You have dishonored this club with your selfishness!
All right, call off your henchmen.
I'm just trying to save you from yourself, Niles.
You took the words right out of my mouth!
Hi, Dad.
Anything good on TV tonight?
Oh, got the night free. Thought we might hang out together.
Yeah, I usually have wine club on Wednesday nights.
What do you usually do Wednesday nights?
Sounds good.
Seven-thirty... wonder what they're doing at the wine club right now.
No, no, Dad, you're right, I-I'm sorry. It's just that I hate to see a once-proud institution making so many foolish mistakes.
I never know when you're being facetious.
All right, all right, let's talk about something else. How's your physical therapy?
Well Dad, I suppose we could look for another therapist-
My God, that sauerbrauten is ambrosial!
Oh gosh, Frederika, I've never tasted anything so divine!
Oh well, this is fabulous food-
Thank you.
Niles – Dad, I told you Niles is no longer welcome in this house. Thank you, Frederika.
I did. I called him and I apologized. He would hear none of it. All he did was keep quoting rules and bylaws.
All right, Dad, then we just won't talk about it. Besides, I'm through with wine club.
Second! All in favor... aye... motion carried. I'm done now.
No!
Dad, this isn't necessary.
Technically, I-
First, I want an apology-
Niles.
Actually, I'm thinking about not going.
Niles, truth be told, my enthusiasm for the wine club has started to turn.
Then let's not go.
What if there's no next time?
Niles, those people don't care about wine.
So what's preventing us from starting a whole new club from scratch?
Something that's just about wine! And a clear constitutional procedure for enjoying it!
Well, I don't know, Niles, there is something to be said for the parliamentary system!
God, I love wine.
Hello Roz. I said hello, Roz.
Oh, don't be. I didn't mean to interrupt your reading.
Really?
Good for you, Roz! You know, I dabbled in juvenile fiction myself. Yes, Niles and I when we were boys wrote a series of stories together in which we were the heroes. Along the lines of a "Hardy Boys" or a "Nancy Drew"...
No. It was called "The Crane Boys Mysteries." We were two plucky lads who used their keen psychological insights to solve crimes brought home by their detective father.
Thirty-four. Let's see, there was "The Mystery of the One-Eared Monkey", "On Your Mark, Get Set, Die!"...
And there was the one where our father was kidnapped and the only clue was a dented Ballantine can.
Excellent! Niles, pull up a chair.
Bye, Roz.
Oh, my God, Niles! You're going to propose?
You're going to ask her to move in with you?
Well, you're already dating...
Oh, for heaven's sake, just tell me!
What? Well, uh... Gosh, it's none of my business, I just thought you'd already reached that level.
Oh, I don't know. I guess everybody just assumed...
Nobody. But Niles, you have been on overnight trips together, haven't you?
Oh, I'm so happy for you, Niles.
Gosh, nobody's gonna believe you two haven't slept together.
Nobody.
Oh, Daphne, God we missed you.
Dad.
You really do look lovely, Daphne.
Yes, yes, of course. And to that end, actually, I have a little surprise for you in the fridge.
Just go look.
It's called the "Refrigerator Pig". It's this little plastic pig, he's got a recording in its belly, every time you open the refrigerator door, you'll hear his scolding squeal.
Well I've got something to say. I would like to propose a toast.
Well, Daphne, the important thing is that you're feeling better and that your back home, where you belong.
Niles, what the hell is wrong with you?
Right. To Daphne, your warmth and spirit have helped make this place a home. Your influence can be seen in a thousand different ways.
Oh, I just wanted to see how you're doing after last night. Daphne caught me up on what's been going on.
She said she tried to talk to you.
Well, there may be something to that. She does have seven years of fantasy to live up to.
All right. When exactly was "the very beginning" for the two of you, anyway?
Daphne? This is my brother Niles.
Look at you, Niles. The woman's a stranger to you and yet you're ready to hand her your heart.
My point is... Niles, pay attention! My point is your so-called realistic picture of Daphne has been clouded from the start by your intense attraction to her.
Indeed she is.
I suspect part of you has never left.
There's that word "perfect" again.
Niles, did you hear yourself out there? You called her "a goddess". You can't build a higher pedestal than that. Who could possibly compete with that sort of image?
Oh, please!
Even your everyday memories are idealized. How long until the cartoon blue bird lands on her shoulder?
That's it. I'm going home.
I've nothing else to say. Niles, I love you. And I love Daphne. I just hope the two of you can work this thing out together.
Yes. Yes, and how did you love her? From afar. You were never in love WITH her, you were in love AT her. Now, you've been given a chance to experience her in a real relationship and yet for some reason, you're resisting it. Rather than see her as she really is, you keep holding on to the memory.
Niles, the woman gained sixty pounds, and everyone in the world saw it but you. All you ever saw was a perfect woman in a red dress.
Maybe Daphne's not the only one who's afraid she won't measure up. Maybe you're afraid too. After all, if it turns out she's not perfect, then there's a chance things won't work out. Then not only will you lose Daphne, but you'll have wasted the last seven years of your life chasing an illusion.
Roz. What a pleasant surprise.
Well, congratulations, Roz.
Great, congratulations. I've been saving a very special bottle for just such an occasion.
Dad, what do you say we head out for dinner at the steakhouse?
What the hell. The blood's been flyin' through my arteries lately.
Right, right.
Uh... Well, we're off.
Ah, there you are, Niles. May I have a latte, please? So, how are things with you and Daphne?
Thank you. Niles, is everything okay?
Ah.
If I may? Uh, Daphne, it's basically to give Mel a little wiggle room so she can get out of this debacle with her dignity intact.
Well, Maris got that in the divorce. Sorry, Niles. Would you like some sherry?
Daphne?
No, I meant would you like some sherry?
Here we are.
For you... here it is: To better days. For all of us.
Well, I went down to talk to Donny, try to convince him to drop his lawsuit against you. Instead, he's now suing me as well for the part I played in getting you two together.
Oh, gosh, Niles, look at the time. I'm sorry Daphne, but we've got to get cross town in an hour. You better get home and get changed.
Oh, one of Mel's colleagues. I met him earlier.
Well, he's a plastic surgeon. Maybe he's looking at your eyelids and planning his next trip to Maui.
Good lord! Look at him, over-acting. Trying to convince everyone he's happily married. Have you ever seen anything so pathetic in your life?
It was a rhetorical question!
Yes, they do make a lovely couple.
Dad?
Lovely talking with you. Enjoy the party.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Oh, yes, Roz. Carrying trays and taking drink orders leaves so much room for ambiguity.
Oh?
I may have done so.
Let me explain Mel. You see...
Just stop that, please!
Donny talked to Mel.
Oh, just stop that!
Neither did I.
Well, ah... Love...is an awesome force. It can make us do things we never imagined possible. For you see, we don't actually choose love, it chooses us. And once it has, we are powerless to do anything about it. Ladies and gentlemen, raise your glasses with me in toasting my brother... and the love of his life.
For she is truly the woman of his dreams, and my father and I could not be more thrilled with his choice. To the happy couple!
Was that Simon's voice I heard just now?
Well, it's about time that chowder made himself useful.
Yes, well, if you're talking about my patience, he certainly does.
Ah, Niles, come on in.
No, no, you told us not to.
We're not looking at each other like that. Like what? What, like anything.
He came so close.
Now listen, before anyone says something they'll regret...
This is all my fault?!
I AM WOUNDED! I intervened only out of love for the two people who are most important to...
I'm waiting!
An apology. For that unprovoked broadside you leveled at me.
Expect it, sir, and demand it!
No?!
Well, I never!
GET OUT!
I am appalled!
What is my offense? What egregious sin have I committed, that I should be so maligned? Was I to just sit idly by and watch these two misguided souls embark on doomed relationships? Would they have thanked me for that? Not very likely, I dare say.
Top shelf, door.
And then, when they were perched on the very brink disaster, I snatched them from the gaping maw and placed them gently into one another's arms. But am I accorded a hero's welcome for my troubles? Am I hoisted on their shoulders and paraded about the room?
Last week.
No! Those two ingrates turn on me like vipers, and make me the villain of the piece. Well, hear me now, this day forward, Frasier Crane will not interfere with those two! This is it! Finished, finito! Non quam postea!
I know I've made declarations like this before, but I tell you what, Dad, you mark the calendar! You note the time on your watch! This - Is - It!
Have you been listening to me?
Daphne.
No, Dad did.
I've seen him eat worse.
Oh, I know, Daphne. Come here.
Yes, I know. It's perfectly understandable. Listen, I know you can't go out on your date with Niles tonight, but what's to stop two friends from going out to dinner? My treat, you can even wear that new dress of yours.
I understand.
Sure you won't change your mind?
Ready at eight?
Your table is ready, sir.
I trust this will be to your liking?
Well, you know me, I hate to butt in.
I had planned to take Daphne to dinner, when suddenly inspiration struck. Since you two couldn't go to Au Pied du Cochon this evening, my faithful companion and I would bring it to you courtesy of their caterer. If dancing at the Starlight Room was impossible, we'd give you the real thing.
Just have a beautiful evening.
Apology accepted, Niles. Oh, just remember to give the lingonberry sauce a little stir...
Right.
Ah, the weekend warriors have returned.
"Nails"?
Ah, actually, I'd love to, Niles, but I'm off to see Dr. Tewksbury.
Yes, and because of it, I've been the fortunate recipient some informal therapy. It's really been quite enlightening. You know, I consider myself lucky to be in the hands of such a master.
Oh, I simply have a healthy respect for the man, Niles. It's hardly worship.
Wow, that was scary.
No, I meant the way she can manipulate you like that.
Tell me, is it difficult to kickbox without a spine?
Oh, hi, Roz. Oh, been on a shopping spree, I see.
Yes.
Give Alice my love.
Why don't you just get it yourself, Niles? Oh, that's right: it's bad moogambo for you to enter.
Yes, yes, and woe betide he who disobeyeth the oracle!
Step aside everybody, big set of onions coming through!
Is there anything I can get you, Niles? Perhaps a cold pack, perhaps?
Oh, Niles, you know I hate going to the opera alone. Throwing a woman's shawl over the seat next to me and glancing expectantly back at the ladies room all night.
No!
Oh, no.
Well, we're in a quasi-therapeutic relationship right now. Truth be told, I was actually a little uncomfortable socializing with him at Nervosa.
Very insightful, Niles. For so many years I must have represented that plateau to you.
Good for you, Niles!
I thought we were writing promos tonight. You forgot, didn't you?
I've gone blind. And ten seconds too late. So, since when have you and Dr. Tewksbury been seeing each other?
Really? Well, I must say I'm a bit surprised.
Yes, well, I'm happy for you, Roz. It's just a little difficult imagining the two of you together.
Oh, hey, Dad.
How was your day?
What are you talking about?
I am hurt. You're my father, of course I care about your day.
Oh, good.
I just came from Dr. Tewksbury. Throughout the entire session, I just couldn't focus on anything he was saying.
Yes, yes, but recently I saw him in... well, a less than dignified light. And ever since, I've just found it impossible to take him seriously.
Like a mentor?
So how did you handle it?
Niles I still can't believe you ever agreed to this. Those tests are based on nothing more than subjective evidence and lucky guesses.
Good luck.
You got a minute?
It's not about work.
Thanks.
Listen, uh, something's been troubling me ever since I saw Dr. Tewksbury in your robe and, uh, at first I thought it was about the toppling of a hero, but I've since discovered that it's really about you.
No, that's not it, Roz. Uh... When you were describing what attracted you to Dr. Tewksbury, I couldn't help thinking "That very well could have been me."
So, Roz, I've known you for, what, eight years now. And in that time I've seen you date hundreds of...
All right, dozens of men. Yet you never showed any interest in me. Well, except for that one drunken flirtation at the station retreat.
Well, anyway, I assumed it was because I wasn't your type. Then I see you drawn to someone who's similar to me.
Well, no, not jealous, not exactly. It's more along the lines of "Why everybody else and not me?"
Roz, that didn't work when I was cut from pee-wee football, it's not gonna work now.
Really?
Actually, it was vice-versa, but go on, go on.
And you were right. You were. Anyway, it's nice to know how you felt. Thanks.
So, just for the record, though: you did have the hots for me?
You're not just saying that?
Oh, gosh, no. Strange idea, isn't it?
Gosh, it's really hard to picture, isn't it? Of course, I mean, it wouldn't be your problem. It would be all me, trust me, all me. I mean, you're a perfectly wonderful person.
Well, I'm just saying how great you are.
Well, whatever you have to tell yourself, Roz.
Sounds to me like somebody still has a soft spot for the ol' boss man.
Oh, it's perfect, Niles. Look, it even says on the box, "for the perfect DVD viewing experience."
Well, it means that the remote control will respond from any angle.
Oh, I-I was just, uh, teasing him. You see, my brother's technologically challenged.
Mind them? I prefer them! In fact, I-I do speak a-a bit German, so in this case they might actually be a distraction!
Mmm.
He's a bit defensive.
Thanks a lot! I was interested in her.
I was speaking German!
Oh dear, it's Lana, it's Lana.
Oh my God, no, no, just turn around, turn around! I don't know why the woman frightens me.
Lana! Uh, look Niles, it's Lana.
Yes, we've already met. Uh, guten tag, Claire.
Yes, yes, well, I'm flattered that you've listened.
Oh, is that a CD organizer? I'll be right back!
You know, I'm not much of a faux walnut grain enthusiast.
Only with a coupon. What did you have in mind?
Well, I'm not sure I'm the right person for this. You see, last year Lana and I dated for a brief period, and, uh, well, things just didn't work out. Don't get me wrong, it's not that she isn't a lovely person-
Perhaps you could ask someone else.
Well, it is her birthday.
Well, I'm off to pick up Lana.
Well, of course I am, Niles. The sooner I deliver her to the surprise party, the sooner I can cast my net of romance over a butterfly named Claire. You know, I've got a good feeling about this one.
Have fun, Niles.
Roz, hi.
Oh, just to a little party.
Bye!
You look lovely tonight.
Of course.
I have nothing of the sort. And by the way, it's scented soap.
I assure you, there will be no such scene.
So, how are those kids of yours doing?
Well, have you considered getting a tutor?
Well, yes, yes, I-I did. And I-I would do it for Kirby in a heartbeat. It's just that I'm asked a lot, and if I helped him I'd have to do it for everyone, and I'd hate to open those floodgates. You understand.
He doesn't help out with the kids?
Well, actually-
Really? Oh, happy birthday.
Are you sure? I mean, maybe a big celebration would be the best revenge.
Well, actually I-I know this little Thai place that I think will be better.
All right, Bella Lucia it is.
Yes, I'm afraid I do. Oh gosh - you know, I-I do know another little Italian place that I think you might really enjoy just as much - well, what do you say?
OK.
No! Listen: fifty of your friends are sitting in Bella Lucia right now, wearing party hats and waiting to yell, "Surprise!" Do you want to go or not?
That's right.
It wasn't easy, you nightmarish carp!
Well...
Well, as a psychiatrist, discretion happens to be the cornerstone of my profession.
Really? You know, I-I sensed we have a lot in common.
You're a cellist?
Was that a haiku?
Well, that's amazing! Uh, may I get you a drink?
Ah. I knew it.
Kierkergard?
Don't move.
Here we are. This is one of my favorites.
Oh, this one. Yes, that's a delightful little wine, yes, it's very nice. But this happens to be a Bavaresco Diam, the greatest Italian red since Roberto Rossellini!
Taste mine again.
Well, how do you feel about, uh, BMW's? You see, I-I happen to know several of the proprietors of the local vineyards here, and I'd be delighted to be your tour guide.
Well, allow me to enchant you further. You see, I...
Claire, I'm sorry, uh, you'll have to excuse me for just a moment.
Hi. How you doing?
Well, it's getting late.
No, come on, it's not all that bad. I mean, listen, you know, Bob is in the past. I mean, just look at all the friends you have. I know you've had a bit of a tough time lately, but it'll end soon. You're a vibrant, attractive woman.
Oh, you're leaving?
Well, how thoughtful of him.
Lovely seeing you again, Claire. Neil...
Thanks to you, you introduced them.
So was he, but he left with her.
Lot of good that does me. I blew it.
Really? Would you?
I think I do.
I can't guarantee that.
All right, an hour on Tuesdays.
Two hours on Tuesdays, no Thursdays.
Done, happy birthday.
Well, you're a very lucky young man, Kirby. You know, I loved studying U.S. history. What could be more fascinating than the rich and unfolding epic of the very soil on which we live?
Doubtful. So, which chapter are you on?
I see - Chapter 1. You may want to take some notes.
All right, Kirby, we've got a few minutes before your mother gets here. One last question: In our studies this week, what did we learn about William Henry Harrison?
President?
Good, good. And which president was he?
I mean which number?
All right, here's a hint: He was elected in eighteen-forty.
No.
Kirby! Did you do any reading this week?
What does "sort of" mean?
Right. Why not?
Yes, Kirby, this "junk", as you call it, may seem unimportant to you now, but knowing something about where we came from may help you to decide where you wish to go. Now, let's start learning about history, lest you be condemned to repeat it. Start reading. Continue until your mother gets here.
Hi, Dad.
MacDuff?
I see. And putting a hat on Eddie, for every major holiday, that's normal?
Oh, Dad, please! He's got a Santa cap for Christmas, he's got a top hat for New Year's Eve, he's got a tam o'shanter for St. Patrick's day...
Or Cinco de Mayo?
Keep reading!
Yeah, well, truth be told, Dad, I'm actually... I've made a little agreement with Lana. You see, if I help Kirby get a passing grade, Lana will set me up with one of her girlfriends, Claire.
That'll be your mother.
Hi, Lana. Come on in.
Oh, yes, we're making excellent progress.
I mean tenth. I mean ninth.
Thanks for spreading THAT around! Kirby, listen, can I have a word alone with your mother, please?
Well, actually, I was wondering if you'd had a chance to talk to Claire, yet, seeing as how Kirby may be getting a passing grade.
Oh, you did! That's wonderful news! Now, I was thinking for our first date, I thought perhaps Tapas. Now I know that sounds a little whimsical, but hear me out on this...
But you were supposed to set us up. We had a deal!
All right, there's no need to explain it to me. If anyone understands the value of restraint and taking things slowly, it's yours truly.
I think "plied" is a bit strong!
Well, Roz, I'm always open to new ideas. Creative thoughts, outside-the-box thinking, that sort of thing.
A three-day weekend, that's quite a dream.
I see. And this concert is on a Friday afternoon?
Oh, well, if you hadn't called me "grandpa," I would have found a polite way to no, but as it is, no.
Oh, hi, Niles.
A quick little pick-me-up, Niles?
Stop the simile! No use in conjuring up imagery I'll only have to repress later.
No that's it, I'm leaving.
Good lord, it's Claire.
Oh, I do.
Lana has told me I am under no circumstances to ask her out on a date! She says that if I rush things, I will ruin my chances.
Claire, hi. Fancy seeing you here.
Oh, you know, I could... I could call someone for you.
Go out with me!
The trick to remembering the difference between William Henry Harrison and William Howard Taft is a simple mnemonic device.
It's a trick. Harrison died in office after his first month, so we say "William Henry Harrison Was Hardly Healthy". And you can't spell "Taft" without the letters f-a-t.
Yes, yes, but the first two things are easier to remember and they are clues to the second. Will you just try to keep up, Kirby?
Because you are not working hard enough.
Yours!
As am I.
Sure.
Listen, Lana, um... I, I ran into Claire this afternoon, and well, we got to talking, and it seems as though we'll... we're going to be going out together.
Yes, well you convinced me you held the keys to Claire's kingdom and the truth is, I didn't need the key! When I got there the gates were open, the mat said "Welcome Frasier"!
Listen, there is no point in tutoring him if he is not willing to learn!
Perhaps I spoke hastily.
What? You said all he had to get was a passing grade!
That's crazy!
All right, all right, a B it is!
All right, Kirby, I'm going to make you an offer: If you will agree to knuckle down and study, I will treat you to a sumptuous meal at Les Habitants. How does that sound?
That's right.
Oh, hi, Roz. Kirby, this is my producer, Roz Doyle. Roz, this is Kirby, my... tutee.
Yes, all right, Roz. I'm just trying to motivate the boy, not scare him straight.
Oh, yes, well, sometimes. But she's union, so you put up with it.
Just stop that. You stick to girls your own age.
Sorry to hear that.
Wait a moment. Is that what all this current malaise is about? Heartbreak?
Kirby, you just put that thought completely out of your mind because....
Kirby, if I could convince Roz to go to the prom with you, would you commit to learning this material? And think hard before you answer, because if it's "yes", you're in my house, mister.
Deal. Now listen, we'll just keep this between us. There's no need to tell your mom.
Great.
Oh, you just leave that up to me and Mr. Bruce Springsteen.
No, Bruce Springsteen.
That's the "pop" part. But don't despair, Kirby, you got nineteen out of twenty-five, well done. Looks like you're well on your way to that prom. Now let's see that essay you wrote.
Dad, you mind? We're trying to work here.
You still on that?
Eddie's fine, Dad. Seems you're the one who feels left out.
This is fun.
Oh, I so agree. But one must dine with some savoir faire. You won't get much out of it if you're just some Philistine walking in off the street.
And the lady will have the filet.
Well, a toast: To this moment, too long delayed and too quick to pass.
Yes, what are YOU doing here?
Kirby? Is here?
Right, right. So I did.
Listen, Lana, Lana, wait! You know, maybe I should take the camera to the boy. I mean, seeing you here will only embarrass him.
She sure does.
Will you excuse me a moment?
She works for me.
Lana, let me explain. I set him up with Roz in exchange for his studying.
It's no different than you promising me a date with Claire in exchange for tutoring Kirby.
Claire.
Kirby...
No, no, no, STOP IT EVERYBODY!
Fellow diners, if you will all bear with me for just a moment, please. Kirby, you are going to pass history and you are going to graduate from high school. Roz, you are going to get your Springsteen tickets. Lana, if there is anyone with whom your son could expect to have a thoroughly wholesome, innocent and chaste date, it is Roz Doyle. Claire, the only reason Lana did what she did was out of love for her son.
And if I compromised my ethics, it was only because I found myself so... utterly beguiled by you.
You have no idea.
Hi, Lana, it's Frasier. Yeah, I was hoping I could uh, maybe switch times with Kirby tomorrow. Say, move it up to four o'clock, just after school? Great, great, good. Well, Claire and I have plans. Yeah, I guess we are hitting it off. She said what about me? You're joking! Oh, you are joking. What DID she say about me? Really? Well, I guess it just proves she's a sucker for sophistication, taste and, dare I say it, old world charm.
I'll have to call you back.
You told me it was your friends, and the Science Center!
I am not uptight, it's just that I've had some unfortunate experiences before loaning out my car.
It was a wet umbrella!
Yes, yes. After all, what are fine possessions for if not to be used and enjoyed? And who better to enjoy them than the delightful souls of small children?
Oh, bless you.
You said you were getting a tune-up!
Uh, actually I think she's in her room. You two have plans?
Didn't Donny take her to the botanical gardens last year?
No, I'm sorry, Niles. Roz has my car, you see, and Lana's coming by to pick me up for a tutoring session with Kirby.
Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, I need to make an emergency appointment tomorrow, for a complete cleaning of my BMW. June 10th?! But I've got a Clean Team Privileges Card! Yes, of course it's a platinum one! No, no there are no diamonds on the corner. Well, then yes, I'd like to become a member of the Diamond Alliance immediately. Fine, put me on the waiting list. I'll see you in June.
Don't do that!
Well, I didn't realize that I was going to be selling houses with you today! Why didn't you just drop me off and then come on your own?
How does he do that?
Hello.
Well, uh, at least you're... getting out at the top of the market!
What's wrong?
Well, you know, I have an excellent drycleaner-
Once, actually, I spilled butter on a pair of white velvet pantaloons. Well, it's a long story. But, uh, he had it out in under a minute!
Yes, yes...
Phillip, you are still their father. I mean, I know things seem difficult right now, but believe me, it'll get easier.
Good lord, that man is obviously in pain, the least you could be is a little sympathetic!
Well, so where are these so-called buyers of yours? You told me they'd be here in a few minutes.
What, what, there's a plan?
You're asking me to be your shill?
I'm sorry, no!
I will do no such thing!
Because I refuse to lie for you!
I never wanted to leave the car!
All right, I got some cream-sicles, and fudge-sicles, and something they call, uh, "Bomb Pops!"
Right, good, good. All right, let's spread out some paper and then build us a house!
Well... we're simply protecting the feelings of an innocent man. Nothing dishonest about that.
I'll do it.
How's our roof coming?
Good. You know, there was a time back in high school when I would have paid a thousand dollars to watch you eat a popsicle.
It was a long time ago.
We're friends?
Oh, dear...
It's a brand-new shirt.
Right.
No. I am choking on something far more dangerous and destructive than a simple sugary treat. It's a prolific and powerful poison known as: deception!
There now, you see? You did the right thing. That wasn't so bad, was it?
Say, you know, we got a few extra popsicle sticks left, why don't we add on a half a bath?
You know, Lana, I think the house should go the other way around - with the door facing the couch. Feng Shui!
Ah, perfect.
Now you see, doesn't it feel good to tell the truth? It's like breathing a breath of fresh air, and-
Oh, all right.
Oh, Niles? Listen, when Claire gets here, can you give us a moment of privacy, please?
Actually, I'm planning on asking her to go to Belize with me next weekend.
You'd better Belize it!
Maybe later.
Yes, well actually Lana told me on the Q-T that Claire's already gotten wind of the trip, and she's eager to go. So all that's left for me to do is ask her and act surprised when she says "Yes."
So, are you jealous?
Niles, that's wonderful. Gosh. So, what do you have in store?
It's romantic and yet prudent. Very good.
Here's where I'm taking Claire. Do you think she'll like it?
Oh, Niles, I also took the liberty of buying myself a new piece of luggage by Moritzio. Would you care to see it?
Oh, hi, Claire.
Claire, listen, uh, I know this is coming out of the blue, but how would you like to go away with me next weekend, to Belize?
I thought you might say that.
Well, I, I don't know. Do you?
Well, I'd hate for us go away before we're ready.
I... don't know. Are you?
Would we be?
Well, if we don't know, maybe we should wait.
Well, turns out I'm not going to Belize after all. Claire thinks it may be too soon for us to go away together. Or I do. I forget who spoke last.
Well...
Excuse me?
Why not? At least one of us should have the most romantic weekend of his life.
Well, here we are, Claire.
Now, now, Claire, we've made our decision and I think it's a good one.
Go on.
Well, examining it from all angles, one could certainly make a case...
I'm already packed!
I thought we were having lunch.
What do you mean "if"?
Just go shop!
Bye-bye.
Niles, I'm sorry, it turns out Claire and I are going to Belize after all. You and Daphne will have to go someplace else.
Niles, this is not "Cranes Go Caribbean", I want to be alone with Claire!
Oh, hi, Dad.
Hello.
Yes, all right, Roz, that's enough, please.
Actually, I've got plans next weekend, Dad. Where are you going?
Yes, Dad, I'm familiar with it. That's where I'm taking Claire.
What the hell. The more the merrier.
Oh, by the way, thanks for driving me and Claire to the airport.
Yes, it turned out well for both of us. For once, somebody else got the grade and I got the girl.
I don't. The way you're driving I'm not gonna die of natural causes anyway.
No, no, it's fine. Just wish you'd pick a lane, that's all.
What is that supposed to mean?
That is not true!
Fine, it was Camembert. If anything, it wasn't runny enough. Yes, I may have exacting standards, but what you choose to characterize as fault-finding, I think of as my steadfast refusal to settle.
That is ridiculous.
Want to see me happy? You leave more than half a car length between us and that Taurus.
At least whoever gets my seat on the plane will be happy.
YES, I HAD A RESERVATION FOR AN OCEAN-VIEW SUITE AND INSTEAD I GOT A SINGLE ROOM OVERLOOKING AN ABANDONED BUS!
OH, I'M SORRY. YOU SEE, MY EARS GOT CLOGGED SOMEWHERE ABOVE OAXACA AND THEY HAVEN'T POPPED YET! NOW IF I COULD JUST GET THE ROOM THAT I RESERVED...
LET ME SEE... AT THREE O'CLOCK, MY GIRLFRIEND AND I HAD JUST DISEMBARKED IN PUNTA GORDA FROM OUR PLANE, THAT WAS LATE BECAUSE THE PILOT HAD TO DUST SOME CROPS. I COULD HAVE CALLED DURING MY CONNECTING TRACTOR RIDE, BUT I HAD TO FIND OUT WHICH OF FOUR AIRLINES HAD LOST MY LUGGAGE, NOT TO MENTION... my ears just popped!
I still want a better room!
It's all right, my ears are better now.
Yes, we're on a roll.
Well, Lana happened. We were on our way to the airport...
You go ahead Claire, I'm still working on our room.
Don't you have a diary?
Hi, Dad.
Oh, no thanks Dad. We've reserved a romantic table for two at the water's edge.
Right.
Well, we waited an eternity for our table but it never opened up.
Oh, all right.
Wonderful. Well, what fish do you have?
"Decent"? That's what I traveled four thousand miles for? "Decent"? You should put that on your menu: Home of the Decent...
Right. Swordfish is fine, thank you.
Didn't you hear? They're out of everything...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know, you're right. Okay, not another word.
All righty.
Out of swordfish too?
Steak? That's what we should eat at Belize's finest seafood restaurant? There's an ocean full of fresh fish not fifteen feet away, but why not try a slab of artery-clogging, hormone- injected, frozen red meat instead?!?!
I'm sorry Dad. Please continue.
Oh, Claire. Claire!
Claire?
Listen, uh... I, I don't blame you for wanting to leave, but before you go, I, I'd just like to say that I'm really sorry for getting so upset. You see, it's just that since I met you, I thought... I've thought you were pretty much perfect for me. And I guess I just wanted our first trip together to be perfect too. I think it still can be. What can I say to convince you to stay?
I see I'm off to a pretty good start.
Oh, gosh, nothing could be further from the truth.
Fun? Oh, I can do that. Fun's been my nickname since math camp.
I must say, this trip has certainly taken a turn for the better. I'll tell you something else: I'm happy. Utterly and completely happy.
Oh, yes, I'm okay, I'm fine. Go back to sleep.
Hi, it's me, Frasier. Listen, I'm aware of the time, it's just that... Well, you're the last person on Earth I thought I'd be calling but I had this dream and I had to talk to you about it.
Okay, I'll be brief. It's just that I'm on vacation with my girlfriend Claire, a woman who by all conventional standards is perfect for me, and yet I just had a vivid sexual dream about someone who differs from her entirely.
Not that different.
Well, yes, but it didn't work out. You see, I worshipped her for years, but then we had a parting of the ways because it turns out she was just unpleasant, confrontational, self- centered...
No, Lilith, it's not you. It's a woman named Lana.
Well, because you know me better than anybody else, and you're a terrific psychiatrist.
So what do you think?
No, no, you see. maybe I'm not making myself clear. You see, the woman irritates me to no end. She's antagonistic and, and opinionated. Critical...
Well, maybe so, that's not the point. You see Claire is perfect for me.
I don't know.
Lilith? Do you think I know how to be happy?
Well, it seems I've skidded right off the road this time and into a ditch. A deep one.
I see. Lana's the ditch, right?
Yes, well I guess I've got some thinking to do. Thanks for talking, Lilith.
I love you too.
Yes, thank you, Roz, but I am not completely lacking in street smarts. Good day, busman. The northwest corner of Highland and 1st, please.
I know. Perhaps if I just shove a little encouragement into this box-
Doesn't look very clean, Roz.
Dear God!
Gosh, look at me - soaked through, hair's a mess.
After I specifically told people on the air not to do that!
Perhaps you're right. What harm could it do? My goodness - who would have thought that such a rare butterfly could exist in this tin cocoon?
Oh, uh, you'd better take mine, too. That way you can spread out. Well, not that you need to spread out, actually, uh, well, right... it's my first time on a bus.
Excuse me, Miss? Uh, Miranda!
What happened? I went six months without replacing my pollen filter in my car, so it was in the shop. Couldn't get a cab, so I took the bus home. Which splashed me! And I fell down, missed my stop, and had to walk home ten blocks in this downpour!
Desperately!
Oh, for God's sake, just throw a bag in some hot water! Earl Grey.
I've got plans.
Just plans.
I don't want to go.
For God's sake, I spend every night with you! God knows, I have done my best to keep you entertained, but in the seven years since you've landed at my doorstep, have you ever known me once to show any interest in basketball?!
Care for a sherry, Niles?
Oh, I suppose so. It's just been a rotten day. You don't even know the topper — there was an enchanting young woman on the bus. Just when I'd worked up enough nerve to go and talk to her, I slipped on something that I can only hope was an old burrito! Before I could manage to get up, she was gone.
Wait a minute. You know, I did happen to overhear her name, and where she works.
Exactly what chapter would that be?
Yes. Suppose I did go and talk with her? What would I say? "I spied on you on the bus, and I've managed to hunt you down here where you work, would you care to have dinner sometime?" I might as well just lop off my ear and mail it to her.
It's a retirement home.
No, no, you know how he hates those places. He'd never agree to it.
So you're suggesting that I-I go crawling back to Dad, beg him to let me take him to the basketball game, use him to meet a pretty girl, and sit through a sport I loathe.
No, I'm just trying to get the sequence right. Oh, Dad!
If you'd known that, you never would have agreed to come.
It seems someone is forgetting sending Niles and me off to Boy Scout Camp to earn our "Opera Badges!"
Oh, there she is! All right, now listen, remember, you're interested in living here.
Excuse me, uh, I'm Frasier Crane, this is my father Martin.
We're interested in finding out a bit more about the Colonnade. Is there someone we could talk to?
Yes, Dad, application, twenty minutes. He likes to repeat things, it's a soothing mechanism. Twenty-minutes, twenty-minutes.
No, I'm not!
For God's sake, will you just stop it? No one's going to put you anywhere!
Oh, that's a splendid idea.
Yes, Dad, a tour. A-tour. Now come along.
All right! It's kind of difficult with all these people around.
All right, all right.
Thanks for the tour.
Well actually, you know, I do have, uh, one more question, um... do you think it'd be possible to have dinner sometime?
Yes, but that was before I knew it was steak night.
Well, that's-that's great. Uh, I'll-I'll call you.
Yes, well, we're very close.
All right, Dad, I checked and the rain's letting up a bit.
Niles! What are you doing here?
No, you're not, I have a date!
Yes.
I don't know. Uh, go to the roof.
Yes, yes, it's very romantic, now get your crap and go! Coming, coming!
I have no idea where Dad is. All I know is that he's not here, and you are!
Good evening, Miranda. Come in. Uh, I'd like to introduce you to my brother, Niles Crane.
And this is Daphne Moon-
His... lady friend.
I'm so sorry, my brother's not very social, really. Uh, here we are. Would you care for some wine?
Thank you.
Yes, well, you know, I insisted that he bring it with him when he moved in here. I mean, after all, this is his home too.
Yes.
Gosh, Miranda, you know, I've got to be honest with you, uh... as much as I like the Colonnade, I'm not sure Dad's really ready to move in yet.
Application? My father? Today?
Dad, can I have a word with you for a second?
Oh well, suffice it to say it didn't go so well. Spent the whole time worried about you. Listen, I-I came down to apologize. I've been selfish, and I've neglected you, and I'm sorry.
No, Dad, listen, listen, I want us to go to games together, I really do. And I want us to see movies, and go drinking at McGinty's-
No, Dad, Dad, I'm trying to say something here. I'm not ready for you to leave.
I-I don't want you to move in here. I miss you too much. Please, Dad, come home.
But Miranda told me you filled out an application, that you told her you'd found a new home.
This was just a-a ruse so you could continue playing poker?
Dad, Dad, please, I can't let you go on taking advantage these people!
Seminar, my eye! Now you're gonna give every cent of that money back to those men!
I'll leave the light on for you, Dad.
I would like to close the show today with a truly inspirational tale. One year ago, a very successful friend of mine was struck by tragedy. Prognosis: not good. Hope: slim. But armed with only fortitude, this friend of mine fought back. I'm talking, of course, about the reopening of Seattle's finest restaurant, Chez Henri! Just goes to show you that a four-alarm fire is no match for five-star courage. This is Frasier Crane saying good day, and good mental health.
And it's killing me!
Good lord, Kenny, calm down! We've done the "new owner" drill a million times. What'll it be today, Roz: the glad-handing sycophant, or our salute to teamwork?
Come on, Kenny, you know how these people come and go. They introduce themselves, they shake your hand, tell us they're big fans, and then they're gone. Nothing ever changes. So, you know, don't worry about it.
You must be the new owner. Hi, I'm Frasier Crane and this is my producer Roz Doyle.
Oh, now you're embarrassing me! Go on.
Oh well, it wasn't my idea.
You know, Todd, uh, seeing as how you are such a big fan, perhaps I could bend your ear sometime about a few ideas I have for the show.
Really? Well, how about later today perhaps, over cocktails at my place?
Ah, cool indeed!
Right, and may I say it's truly an honor to be serving under your leadership! This is a great day for KACL, indeed for radio itself!
Oh, uh, Dad, listen, you know, I've got some company coming over. So if you don't mind, uh-
Well, actually, Dad, the new station owner's coming by to hear some ideas I have about my show.
Whatever gets you out of the room faster, Dad.
Oh Todd, come on in.
Thank you, thank you. That's the Space Needle there, of course, and Elliot Bay, and actually on a clear day you can see Mt. Rinnear.
Well, we did start a petition-
Thank you.
Actually, that's a fertility god from Central Africa, it's quite rare. Thank you. Say, uh, Todd, can I interest you in a sherry?
Oh well, in the great scheme of things, it's not really very important.
I'm sure you're exaggerating.
You know, it's never too late to learn. I'd be glad to give you some pointers.
I'd be delighted! I will play Virgil to your Dante. In a few weeks, I can guarantee you, you will find that delightfully droll. Say, how about that sherry?
All right, then - which you should know, is a fortified wine.
Excuse me?
Oh no, Todd. My humble home is not for sale. But, you know, as luck would have it, there happens to be a unit available directly below mine.
I knew one day you'd come.
Niles, mind if I join you?
Oh dear, I am sorry to hear that.
Mm-hmm?
Oh, and they said it would last. You know, actually, I'm celebrating an event myself. You see, I've just become... a mentor.
Actually, he's a billionaire.
It's the new station owner.
Well, Niles, I-I didn't. The boy practically begged me. I mean, he got rich overnight, and he's hardly had time to shed his fraternity house ways.
Well, I am a teacher at heart, after all. You know, last night I took him to Le Café du Peridee, to practice sending back wine.
Excuse me. Hello? Ah, Todd, yes, we were just talking about you! Yes, no. No, no, no, no, no, never French cuffs with a button-down collar. He's being fitted by Haviare.
The long collar, yes. What sort of stripes? Don't move, I'll be right down there! I have to go.
Ah, Mel.
And you, we must do this again.
Oh, what are you two doing here? Todd's apartment's one floor down.
Oh please, I'm hardly his idol. I'm a paragon at best.
Oh, just a little something that Todd admired when he was over.
Now remember that Todd has had people working round the clock, transforming his apartment into his vision of style and taste. And no matter how primitive we may think it is, it's best to be kind. We don't want to stifle his budding creativity.
Oh Roz, you are so cynical! That's why you could never be a mentor.
Hello, Niles. Say, if memory serves, you went to the opera with Mel last night. So, did you cause a public spectacle? I didn't read anything in the society pages.
Ah.
Niles, that tux is a blend and you know it.
Of course, Niles, that goes without saying. Just remember for whom you're doing all this.
Oh, lord - Chez Henri. Their menu is just the culinary minefield to test Todd's mettle. Hmm...
Actually, things have taken a bit of an odd turn. You see, yesterday I went to his housewarming party. As it turns out, to my surprise, he has duplicated my apartment exactly.
Only thing missing is an old man and a little dog. I was beside myself.
Well, he is my boss. He has big plans for my show. Do I really want to jeopardize that?
There's Todd now. Uh, Todd? Over here! I'd like you to meet my brother, Niles Crane. Niles, this is Todd Peterson.
Oh well, good for you, good for you. Now Todd, I-I'd like to talk to you about your apartment.
Oh no, I do like it. I've liked it for eight years.
Well, I was hoping that my influence would help you to find your own style, not that you would simply duplicate mine.
No, Todd, you know, perhaps we just took on a bit too much too soon.
Steady at the wheel, Todd. Now listen, uh, all we're really talking about is a couple of couches and some coffee tables.
Yes, and we shouldn't... Perhaps I'm being too hasty about which of us should be doing the changing. Perhaps I'm holding on too tight to my possessions! Décor is, after all, a fluid art!
No, no, Todd. Listen, Todd, I want you to keep the apartment the way it is. After all, it's a look that has served me well, but it's time that I move on.
No, thank you, Todd.
I have a feeling I will.
Ah, Dad. What do you think of the new look?
Thanks for trying. Well, shall we give it a test run?
A little music...
Dad?
There's nothing here.
I give up. I've tried a million combinations. I even had early Byzantine mingling with mid-century Danish!
The only furniture that looks good in my apartment is my own!
Well Daphne, chin up. You can always use it to polish the floors.
You know, Dad, even if I do get my furniture back, it doesn't solve anything! There's still someone downstairs with my apartment!
I am, aren't I? You know I did, after all, create that look, and that should be gratification enough.
I mean, besides, you know, Todd's hardly ever here. He doesn't have very many friends. You know, in fact, the only person who's ever gonna see that apartment is probably the Pizza Hut delivery boy!
Ah Todd, come on in.
Oh, right - it's a reproduction of the one Coco Chanel had in her Paris atelier. But why?
"Architectural Digest?"
I need to sit down!
Oh hi, Roz.
Actually, I'm looking at the want ads. I'm trying to find a housekeeper. Now that Daphne is Niles's girlfriend, it doesn't feel right to ask her to pick up after me anymore, so-
Awfully difficult finding someone, though.
Indeed.
Dear God, what are you selling?
Well, at least it's a worthy cause.
All right, let's have a look. Oh, that one's too garish... eh, don't like this one, either... ooh, I'm certainly not crazy about bunnies...
Niles! Niles please, whatever's wrong, the answer doesn't lie at the bottom of an espresso cup.
Oh, lord. Still making you humiliate yourself at social functions while she plays the long-suffering wife?
She said that two weeks ago! What was it this time?
Oh Niles, I'm so sorry.
No, I called you twice.
Excuse me, did you just say "butler?"
Ah, yes. That's amusing. I suppose this butler saw to the colonel's every need.
Laid out his clothes for him, and served him his meals...
You've had a gardener and a maid!
But it's my turn!
Daphne won't have to clean anymore!
Ah, Ferguson. Is it morning already?
Best sleep I've had in years.
Thank you. To think I was skeptical when you said these pillows could be better arranged.
Oh, your father also "butled?"
Oh, that's a good one, Ferguson.
No, I believe I'll join the rest of the household.
Thank you, Ferguson. Ah, you spoil me. Keep it up.
Morning, Dad, Daphne.
Dad, his name is Ferguson.
Dear God!
That politicking Alan Murchie has just been elected president of the opera board!
This pinhead is president, I can't even get on the board!
Curses and epithets is all he'll get from me!
Well, if it'll make you happy, Ferguson, let's send him a bottle of Chateau Belle Veux.
It's a little on the nose, but fine.
Good day, all!
Excellent! Not only did Murchie rave on and on about the bottle of Umbrian wine I sent, but he intimated that I was "Opera Board timber!" Now all I have to do is continue on my charm-offensive with the other board members.
Oh, I'm way ahead of you this time. I was thinking of a little post-opera soiree next week after the opening Turandot.
That's good thinking. Yes, yes, it's a very nice spin on my initial, uh... insight of the party.
Hello, Niles.
So Niles, you're awfully chipper today.
Wha-? Niles, what if somebody sees you and reports back to Mel?
Uh, would you?
Everything all right, Niles?
Oh yes, indeed, indeed. Where's Dad's chair?
But Dad'll be furious! And I completely forgot: he'll be here! Swigging from a can and guessing women's weight, I'll be blackballed!
Oh, Dad, uh, listen, about tonight-
Not at all.
Ferguson, positions.
Oh Niles, what are you doing here?
Really? Well, no chance of running into Mel there.
Oh save it, it's just Roz. What are you doing here?
I thought I just ordered a few rolls!
Roz, you put it in my room, he's working!
Alan Murchie, lovely to see you!
Enchanté.
Ah, Henry, lovely to meet you.
Yes, Ferguson. My sense of duty compelled me to take him in after the colonel passed.
Oh, that's very droll...
Excuse me.
Roz, what are you doing out here? I'm sure Mr. Worth isn't interested in gift-wrapping.
Ah, Ted and Lois! Oh please, come in.
Well, of course, the more the merrier!
Mel... what a delightful surprise. I had no idea you knew the Fischers.
Niles, uh, look who's here!
Lucky all of us! Please, won't you sit down?
Everybody good? Everybody happy? Let's try to respect the feelings and long-held dreams of others.
"Fine?" Fine for whom? Is that code, what does that mean?!
Oh well, I-I hope you don't think that's why I did this! But it's certainly a nice fringe benefit.
Oh, Ferguson, Ferguson, listen, make sure that everyone has champagne. I have a little toast in mind that I daresay will seal the deal.
Ferguson, Ferguson, what in blue blazes are you doing?
Stop! You're taking far too much liberty with the liberty- taking! Please, just see that everyone has some champagne.
There's no need to leave. Uh, I would like to propose a toast...
Opera time, opera time! On to the show!
It's all right, Niles. It's a small price to pay to finally see you and Daphne together.
All right, Ferguson, we got some fences to mend with the board. What do we send and to whom do we send it?
Please, don't be upset that things didn't go so well this evening. I'll make it up to you - send yourself something!
Ah. True love and all that. Well, good luck, Ferguson.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I've had rather a difficult evening. Think I'll just go take a sad soak in the tub.
Carry on, Ferguson.
Oh, Dad, you're going to have to clear out. Daphne and I are meeting with my lawyer.
Please. Donny is suing me for emotional distress. Your guy wanted me to limp into court wearing a neck brace and claiming not to speak English.
Oh, hi, Niles.
No, she's on her way.
Niles, if you flapped any more, we'd have to lower you to half mast on Veteran's Day.
Yes.
Oh, don't worry. Once Abby preps you, you'll have nothing to worry about.
Because we didn't do anything wrong, Dad! Daphne merely changed her mind about getting married and although Donny is entitled to his pain, he is not entitled to sue everyone under the sun.
Oh, yes, thank you, Dad.
You know, Dad's fear notwithstanding, I have every confidence in Abby and her litigious prowess.
I'm sure I have no idea what you're talking about.
Oh, hi Abby. Come on in. You know Niles and Daphne, of course.
Here, let me take your coat.
Oh, my. That suit is very becoming on you. Is it new?
No, thank you for being so, ah... noticeable.
Please, make yourself comfortable. Well, we're anxious to hear your, your battle plan. We realize it's going to be tough, but we're ready for a fight.
What?
You know, I think I know why he dropped the case: because I have the finest lawyer in all of Seattle.
Thank you for a job well done.
Yes, well, you know, there's no reason this has to be goodbye. I think a celebratory dinner is in order.
Yes, yes, all of us. Yes, well, you know, our schedules are really rather complicated. We're rarely available together.
Well, then, dinner it is.
Well, then, let me walk you to the elevator.
Oh, thank you, for being so... escortable.
Abby, I just wanted to say how pleasurable it's been getting to know you.
Oh, you know, I'd hate to see my relationship with you end, uh, right now. I just...
Will you go out with me?
Oh, hi, Roz.
Come on in, I'll get you situated.
I believe the word you're looking for is "smartified."
Very funny. Actually, I have the perfect piece to start Alice off with: it's Beethoven's Sonata in C-Sharp Minor. I've laid out a selection of CDs that I think will be appropriate. I'm sorry, I don't have time to put together a comprehensive program for you. But actually, Dad and I have our celebratory dinner tonight with Abby. You know, Dad, actually, you should get ready to go.
Think tie!
Oh, yes, yes. Well, actually, we've been out a couple of times. I'm really rather taken with her. She has a very playful side. She took me miniature golfing last night.
Dad, please, "Through the Clown's Mouth Darkly" took second in the all-city fiction contest that year.
Hello, Niles.
Well.
I just opened Abby's bill. It seems... awfully high. I guess this must be the going rate.
I think Abby is worth every penny.
Well, that doesn't seem right, does it? I mean, they did the same amount of work...
Well maybe not, but you know, Abby is not that kind of lawyer.
I admit four thousand dollars does seem rather high for phone consultations. Who the hell's she talking to?
So, Abby, you happen to get any interesting e-mails today?
Thrust and parry, Dad!
Abby, I'm sorry to spoil the mood, it's just... your client.
No, you did not!
No, not in the Dom Perignon.
Oh, thank God.
Really? Boy, that's good news.
Lovely.
Well, good luck.
Oh, no, no. I couldn't let you do that, Abby. I wanted to pay for dinner.
Oh, hi, Niles. Say, you're looking a little green around the gills.
Ah, didn't agree with you?
Actually, I had sort of a rough day myself. I can't stop thinking about the bill Abby sent me.
Yes, well, after witnessing her rather slipshod record keeping last night, I, I can't help feeling I'm getting ripped off. So, I fired off a strongly worded e-mail today, insisting on a point-by-point accounting of my bill.
Speaking of relationships, how about Donny's decision to get engaged? My God, talk about classic rebound behavior.
Certainly not the wisest decision Donny could have made at this point. You know, maybe somebody should have a talk with him.
Oh, hi, Daph.
I'm sorry. Take what you like and mark it down on the sign- out sheet.
Niles, thank God you're here. Come with me. Listen, there was a message from Abby on the machine. She says she needs to see me right away.
She must have gotten my e-mail. God, the message was so short that I can't really tell what sort of mood she's in. I guess if she had been really angry, she would have left some indication on the machine. Well, then again, being a savvy lawyer, you know, she might not want to tip her hand. Well, whatever happens, I feel confident that I made the right decision.
Oh, thanks, Niles. You've been a support.
Hi, Dad.
So, ah, why did you call me?
Really. Celebrate what?
You gave me a discount? I mean, I mean congratulations.
Oh, my God, you certainly deserve it. What kind of discount?
No, no I did notice. I did. I swear to God I noticed. I even pointed it out to Dad.
You're the sweet one.
Oh, Abby.
That's a very good decision. That is partner-level thinking.
No, no! Actually, I just forwarded you an ad for reduced mortgage rates.
Because they're embarrassingly low.
All right, you're on to me. Just come here and sit down and relax. And I will read it to you. Prepare to be... scandalized.
"Dear Abby, I read your column every week." Kidding. Now, here's the real stuff, now. Um, "I'm, ah, lying here in bed and I can't stop thinking about you."
Oh, you like that, do you? Uh, "Your golden hair cascades down your bare shoulders and I kiss the curve at the back of your neck."
Oh, gosh, I deleted it by accident.
Well, you know what? We can write a new ending together. But there's no need to rush. We'll just start very slowly, at the beginning. And then, we'll move, gently, into the middle. And then I'm sure you'll want to add a few plot twists of your own.
And finally, we'll just...what are you reading?
No! No, no! I did not use those words! Actually, I, I just took issue with a couple of figures.
Well, "lie" is a very strong word.
Abby, I realize I've made a terrible mistake, and I wrote some very harsh things. But, to my credit, I did attempt to delete it before you got a chance to read it.
Oh, come on! Look at the two of us. We can't stay mad at each other.
You still can!
Hello? Niles, you're forty minutes late! Listen, I've just finished my third basket of bread, and there is an angry mob breathing down my neck. What? Oh, you've torn your trouser cuff, I'm so sorry. For God's sakes, will you hurry it up! More hemming, less hawing! All right, I'll hold our table.
Roz, Roz Doyle!
No, I won't. Niles is running a little late, and I-I was just hoping maybe I could join you and your lucky chap for a drink while I wait for him?
Roz, this crowd is starting to get ugly, would you please just let me come over there till Niles gets here, please?
Thank you.
Hi.
Oh, likewise. So, uh, well, how did you two kids meet?
Right there on the dock, you say? Well...
Ah, yes, yes, yes. So Luke, you're a boat enthusiast?
Well actually, on my show I sometimes compare the human psyche to a sailboat that's borne along the surface of the conscious mind, while the deeper waters of the subconscious navigate the rudder.
Yes.
Right, of course.
So... you know, uh, actually I'm-I'm not a total stranger to the old H20. I did row Crew at Harvard.
Ah, Harvard. Mmm, God, those were the best years of my life. You know, there's nothing quite like that sense of accomplishment you get when they actually hand you that diploma, is there?
Well, you didn't miss much.
Oh yeah, those guys can be pretty rough.
No, I, uh, saw a special once on "60 Minutes." You know, you should really write down some of these stories.
Oh, don't let that stop you. All you got to do is just get it down on paper, then sort it out later. You know, I'd be happy to lend a critical eye.
OK.
You know, I-I could drop him off.
Oh, he's had a tailoring emergency, it could be hours.
Hey Dad, welcome home.
How was the fishing trip?
Well, now that you've proven it, can we take the sign out the bathroom?
Luke.
Roz's new boyfriend. They're getting quite serious, and actually he and I have hit it off as well.
Actually, it is. You know, with Niles spending more time with Daphne, I-I don't have anybody to pal around with. And he's a really interesting guy. He sails around the world, locating shipwrecks and salvaging treasure.
God, you know, he tells some incredible stories! Yeah, it's refreshing, really - usually I'm the cool friend.
Oh, really? Well, he's planning to salvage a French trader off the coast of British Columbia next, and he's invited me along.
Ah, Niles.
Dad, it was absolutely essential that I have my floors refinished, thanks to Edward Scissor-Paws there!
Oh thank you, Niles. Hello? Yes, this is Frasier Crane. What? I never touched your wife! Never! But I've never even heard of... oh Luke, you got me again! You know, that's six to one! I did so get one!
Oh hi, Roz.
I'll get the sherry.
Ah, the twenty-five year-old Glen Farcas. Excellent choice, no sense going for the twelve-year old stuff.
Oh, what happened?
I'm so sorry, Roz.
I know.
Yes. Gosh, you know, I just got off the phone with him. He didn't even mention it! He can't possibly think I'd still be his friend after he treated you this way.
Yes, of course. Oh come on, I'll get you through this.
Uh, I was just returning your "Chapman's Nautical Guide" there. Uh, I-I just wanted to drop it off, actually.
Well, I had a talk with Roz.
Of course, I mean... But Roz is my friend. Take care.
Hmm?
Oh?
Oh great, don't forget the one about the giant squid!
Gosh, you did it again, didn't you? Oh, you know, I'm gonna miss that. Ah, see you around.
Say Luke, uh, you know, here's a tip: you might try writing in the present tense. It has a way of giving things a sense of urgency.
Of course, if you hadn't been so thoughtless, we'd be heading for that sushi bar right now and be reviewing those notes.
Oh, she does not.
Hmm?
No, it wouldn't. You know, the truth is our friendship does exist independently of her.
It shouldn't. Of course, for Roz's sake, we'll have to keep this between ourselves.
Agreed. But, uh, for the record, I do not condone your behavior.
I hope they haven't run out of Yellowtail.
Yeah. Roz, trust me, you will eventually get over Luke.
Really? Did you, uh, get a good look at them?
Fat? Well, it was kind of cold out last night, there may have been layers involved.
Oh, uh, right, OK.
Well, of course, Roz.
Don't give it another thought. You know, I think he's not worth it, all right?
Good night.
Luke? It's Fras. Yeah, uh, listen, I'm free, and I thought maybe I'd swing by. We can, uh, go over and catch Marsalis at the jazz café, because "thar he blows!" No, no, it just came to me. All right, Luke, I'll see you soon, bye.
I don't see what's so wrong about being friends with Roz's ex-boyfriend!
Well, because I, um, uh- Dad! A man has a right to choose his own friends, doesn't he?
You hear that? He said "sure!"
The Orpheus! Oh Niles, nobody handles Handel like they handle Handel! But wouldn't you rather take Daphne?
Astonishing!
Gosh Niles, I'm sorry, I've got plans with Luke.
Uh, no, no, this is for Roz.
Well, I suppose there's some truth to that. You know, frankly I'm torn. Part of me thinks I should tell her, but I just know it would devastate her. She's a broken woman.
Sure there are! Luke was pillaged!
Oh hi, Roz.
I have a little something for you.
Oh, why do I need an occasion, Roz? I'm just trying to show a good friend that I'm thinking of her in her time of crisis.
No, I do not deserve your friendship.
Tonight?
Well, all right, Roz, I accept. Uh, would you excuse me?
Luke-o, F-Man. Yeah, listen, uh, something's come up tonight and I won't be able to make it, all right? Great, bye.
So Roz, where would you like to go tonight? Chez Henri has the most splendid ox-tail suree-
Of course.
What a shame. Excuse me.
Yeah Luke, it's Fras again. Listen, um, my plans just got canceled and I was thinking maybe we could... oh, really? Well, that's-that's kind of quick, wasn't it? Well, no problem. All right, yeah, I'll talk to you tomorrow, bye.
Yes, I remembered.
Oh Niles, listen, as it turns out I am available for that concert tonight-
As a matter of fact, I'm having dinner with Roz. And I will have a clear conscience, because first I am going to stop by Luke's and end our friendship.
So it did.
Yes, what a merry time of misrule that would be.
Oh Niles, what are you doing here?
Indeed. Well, sweet dreams.
Hello, Roz.
Well, I stopped by to see Luke, I heard you coming, and I came inside and hid-
Well, you started seeing him again without telling me!
Roz, Roz, we can't let him know we're here!
That bastard! He told me I was his inspiration!
We may as well make ourselves comfortable.
No, I should apologize, actually. After the way he treated you, I shouldn't have been hanging around with him.
Truth be told, I don't really make friends very often. In fact, the last true friend I made was you.
Too much?
Well, just get up.
Here, all right, give me your hand.
You've got a lot of explaining to do!
Well, we've got just about a minute before we go to the news. I understand we have Tom from Freemont on line one. Go ahead, Tom.
Well, why don't you tell me your problem now and then I can give you my reply when we come back.
Very well. Roz, who else do we have?
Ah! Go ahead, Brian, I'm listening.
All right, then. I guess I'll just use the time myself. “Giddy up, giddy up, let's go” - to the Seattle Christmas Parade this Saturday, broadcast live on Channel 6 TV and hosted by Kelly Kirkland of Channel 6's Kelly and Carol Show. You know, I must say that Kelly Kirkland is a real treasure. She's sincere and charming and... well, just about as likeable as sunshine! We'll be right back.
Hm? Well, of course, why?
That's very funny, Roz. You see, Kelly's looking for a new co-host for the parade this year and I was hoping it might be me. You know, I've watched that parade since I was a child and this is my chance to become a part of it.
Oh, I guess you haven't heard. You see, she's discovered that Carol's been having an affair with her cue card girl.
Mary Thomas, oh. Hello, Mary. Roz, you remember Mary, she and I briefly co-hosted my show last year.
I see you're still identifying yourself as a doctor.
Eh? Dr. Mary has healed thousands of Seattle radio listeners and is a summa cum laude graduate of the School Hard Knocks.
Mary, I hate to quibble about things like accreditation and such...
Oh, yes, congratulations, indeed. I... I must have missed that memo!
Oh, no, this time we'll have separate shows. It's not like we're going to be sharing a mike! Er, we won't be sharing a mike, will we?
Oh, well, the shift with the biggest audience and the best demographics.
Oh.
Niles. I hope you had the presence of mind to bring presents of mine!
Well, actually, Kelly Kirkland's coming over, I'm trying to make a good impression. You see, I was doing my best to charm my way into that parade job.
Oh, Niles, don't you remember when we were kids? We'd sit on the couch and cradle our cocoas and stay up late to watch our holiday hosts, Bob Vernon and Sergeant Michelle - the...
You know, to me, that was always the official beginning Christmas and now this is my chance to usher in the season for a whole new generation.
Oh, oh, that's the food. I'm preparing dishes that have been featured on Kelly's show.
Oh, Lord, that'll be my hobo casserole!
That's Kelly. Showtime!
Hi, Kelly.
Gosh, you know, I haven't seen you since the "Broadcasters Against Litter" march!
Indeed we did. Now, please, come on in. I'd like you meet my brother, Niles, and his girlfriend, Daphne.
Yes, off you go.
So, you know about Hobo Casserole?
Oh, I get so many of my recipes from your show that I've forgotten which are mine and which are yours!
Uh-oh, this is embarrassing.
Guilty. I especially admire your work on the Christmas Parade.
Oh, Gosh, I do. I really do. I must admit. In fact, you know, I'd be willing to audition for you right now.
Please, I'd like to. Now, I've examined the parade schedule and I have taken a liberty of preparing a few ad-libs. If you would indulge me in one or two?
Hey, Kelly. Have you ever seen eighty beavers march in perfect rhythm?
Oh, they can, when they're the marching beavers of the Riverside High School Band!
Sorry, Kelly, but how about those incredible formations. They're so precise.
Well, Seattle, thank you for your calls.
Seattle, thank you for your calls!
Well, Roz, if you insist on interrogating me, I'll be co- hosting the Seattle Christmas parade tomorrow night...
...on Channel 6 with the lovely and talented Kelly Kirkland. I hope it will be the beginning of a new holiday tradition. Good mental health, see you at the parade.
Why? Kelly told me I had the job, her word is good enough for me.
I knew I couldn't trust that woman, and after I had her to my home for that hillbilly buffet!
Oh, a tough blow! But, I'm nothing if not a team player, you know, I'll do the parade myself.
Well, Dad, how do I look?
I know, it's just that this whole Mary thing's got me kinda upset. You know, that woman grew up in Seattle, she's never even seen that parade, it's a sacrilege. My God, you know, this event, it's an institution, it carries with it a tradition of pride and pageantry and old-fashioned good times. Well, that's not bad, I think I might open with it.
Oh, thanks, Niles.
Merry Christmas, Seattle. This is Dr. Frasier Crane...
...Welcoming you to the 42nd annual Christmas parade.
Indeed, and may I say, it's an honor to be sitting here in the very chairs that were once occupied by the legendary Bob Vernon and his co-host Sergeant Michelle, who started this tradition so many years ago.
You know, Mary, historically speaking the first float was probably the Trojan horse. It was a gift from the people of Troy. Once brought inside the city walls however, they discovered it was filled with Greek soldiers, who slaughtered their Trojan enemies in the street. Of course, modern floats have come a long way since then. We hope!
Say, Mary, this enormous stocking is overstocked with presents!
Well, not until Christmas morning, Mary. You know, in my house, we don't even shake the boxes.
This is the 5th float sponsored by a local software company.
Yes, Mary, and for a hundred and fifty feet, it certainly is the largest float on the parade.
Mary...
This might be a good time for a break. We have an exciting surprise coming up - a special mystery guest.
I think I'm gonna go get some air.
Stretch my legs!
Well, I'm glad somebody is. Mary is ruining my parade. Do you know, this has been called "nice banter" by a top parade professional. Does anybody get to hear it? No. Instead, Mary just prattles on endlessly as if every idea that pops into her head is worth saying out loud. She is totally unpredictable. Now, Santa's coming up and I've prepared a really cute bit and I know she's going to ruin that too!
And we're back. I see someone special getting off his sleigh.
Some call him St. Nick, others Kris Kringle, in Holland he's affectionately known as...
Santa, I've got some questions over here for you.
No, that's a terrible idea. Your elves are probably suffering from seasonal-affective disorder. Now, loading them up with sweets will only aggravate the problem!
Elves are not kids, they're tiny men!
No, thank you, Mary. We've been listening to your opinions all night, and frankly there isn't enough room left in our heads for another one, now if you would just get back in...
I'm so sorry.
It was an accident.
Hello, Mary.
Oh, he'll be all right. They gave him a coagulant. I'd like to apologize for the way I acted toward you. It was rude and disrespectful.
Well, it's just that doing this parade has been a dream of mine and it felt like you were taking that away from me.
Oh, yeah. I was the boring, stiff guy and you were the one everybody loved.
No, it's true, Mary. This town has taken you into its heart in a way that they never have with me. I guess I'm a little jealous of that.
Really? Would I be over-stepping my bounds if I were to ask for some sugar right now?
Merry Christmas, Mary.
Right, right, you know, I'd offer to walk you to your car but there's still some angry parents in the parking lot!
Bye-bye.
You just sweep around me.
What? Bob Vernon?
Oh, it's an honor, sir.
Say, you didn't watch the parade this evening did you?
You did?
No?!
No?!
Thanks.
Say, Mr. Vernon?
Is there any chance that you'd like to join me in a little banter?
Right here: Say, Bob. Have you ever seen eighty beavers march in perfect rhythm?
They can, when they're the marching beavers of the riverside high school band!
Sorry, Bob, but how about those incredible...
Well, Roz, I think we have just enough time for one more call.
Hello, Andy, I'm listening.
Yes, go ahead.
Yes, you're on the air.
You're on.
Not any more. This is Dr. Frasier Crane on KACL, wishing you good mental health.
Oh, Kenny, what's all this?
Oh, well.
Yes, the mighty Pixie, they do very well.
Good girl, Roz.
Roz, I don't see our names anywhere.
There are more awards?
What? Are you serious?!
Give me that!
When I was a boy, my parents told me to reach for the stars. Sadly, I later learned that stars are just massive fiery balls of gas, which, were I to reach one, would vaporize me instantly. But tonight, with the Stephen R. Schafer Lifetime Achievement Award, you tell me that I have reached you, and you, ladies and gentlemen, are my stars. And that's where you would applaud.
Yes, Dad, it's actually quite an honor. You know, customarily, they give them out to much older people.
Oh, Niles, flowers! How very thoughtful of you!
Well, thank you for bringing them up.
Well, thank you for bending over and picking them up.
Just give them to me!
"Congratulations, Frasier. You must be very proud. William Tewksbury."
He's my old mentor from Harvard, Dad. Gosh, you know, I read in the alumni newsletter that he was taking his sabbatical here at the University of Washington, I've been meaning to call him.
Is it my imagination, or has she gained weight since breakfast?
Dad, what do you make of this? "Congratulations, Frasier. You must be very proud."
He doesn't say he's proud of me, he says that I should be proud of myself. Doesn't that seem a bit odd to you?
You don't know Dr. Tewksbury like I do. He wouldn't say something like this unless he meant to say something else.
No, no, of course not, Dad. I just think it's interesting, that's all.
You know, Dad, I'm gonna head over to the SeaBeas a little early. I'll see you there.
Well, I thought I should... familiarize myself with the dais.
I know, Dad.
I know, Dad.
I will, Dad.
Dr. Tewksbury? Frasier Crane.
Likewise.
Oh, gosh, perhaps...twenty years.
Yeah. Actually, I was on my way to the awards ceremony and I thought I'd drop by and thank you for the flowers. And the card.
It was very thoughtful of you.
Particularly the card.
All right, let's cut the bull. "You must be very proud." Why not "I'm proud of you"? Why speculation rather than declaration? We both know there are no mistakes. There must have been some reason either conscious or subconscious that you chose these words.
Ah!
Oh.
I see. Then again, perhaps, in that order to your assistant, you subconsciously transmitted an emotion that you couldn't or didn't want to acknowledge.
But all art is self portraiture, and that includes the written word.
Then there is no pure art.
God, I've missed you!
Thank you. It's so nice to know that, it really is. Thank you.
Yes, yes, of course.
Yes, that's a good idea. Gosh, it was great to see you again.
Oh, I'd like that.
Oh, please, it's just a trinket for a little radio show I do. Uh, not that by "little" I mean to minimize my achievement.
I know you know. I just want to be clear, so that you don't infer any meanings that aren't actually there.
Oh, you know, that I'm somehow dissatisfied with my work, something like that.
Exactly. A lesser therapist might say that I, I didn't think much of an award that they're willing to give to the likes of me.
Well, that one's a little out there.
I will. Because tonight is my night.
So long, Professor.
What the hell is wrong with me?
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
I know I should be happy but I feel so dissatisfied.
Well, duh. I'm sorry, I'm just acting out. Please, please. Continue, please.
Yes, I'll cop to that. In fact, there's nothing I'm more proud of than my career. It's because I love to help people, I always have.
Yes, it was. I remember the exact day. I was eight. I'd come home crying because one of the older boys had thrown my copy of "The Fountainhead" under a bus. My mother explained to me it wasn't because he didn't like the way I walked or because I wore an ascot to school, it was because he didn't like himself. And at that very moment, I became a student of human behavior. It was as if someone had given me an instruction manual explaining why people acted the way they did.
Oh, totally. I took a lot of grief for that ascot.
I feared them?
Yes, yes, granted. But what does that got to do with me?
I don't have a practice, I have a radio show.
Yes, I have a wonderful son with whom I'm very close.
He lives in Boston.
My ex-wife - yes, I know, distance.
Yes, she was. She happens to be a damn good one, too.
Have you ever met Lilith?
Well, she happens to be a very warm and loving woman!
Well, as a matter of fact... what is your point?
Well... would you like to hear my theory? You have no idea what you're talking about. I am not an eight-year-old.
And you know something else? You're not my mentor any more!
All right, professor. You know, I hate to be the one to break it to you, but I'm afraid you've lost your touch. Where's your DSM?
"Emotionally stunted eight-year-old," my eye! Ah, here's what I'm going through: "Phase-of-life issue: a problem associated with a particular developmental phase or other life circumstance."
Obvious, really. You know, I'm surprised it didn't occur to me sooner. If someone had called into my show with this problem, I'd have diagnosed it inside a minute.
That depends on the caller.
Fine.
Hello, Dr. Crane. I love your show, I'm a big fan. I won't bore you with all the details of my life... because you know them. Suffice to say, I'm a successful psychiatrist. My problem is that, in spite of the life I've built, I feel... empty.
Ah, emptiness. The eternal void. If I'm not mistaken, it was John Keats who once wrote...
All right, fair enough. Perhaps caller, if we reframe the issue...
Uh... let's run down Beck’s Depression Inventory...
All right. Last month in the New England Journal...
How do you know?
I can suggest certain visualization techniques...
Look, if he knows all this, then why is he calling?
Sometimes it helps to write yourself a letter...
I don't know what he wants!
Because that's all I have!
I'm sorry, caller, I can't help you.
Ah. Thank you for honoring my life. Just wish I knew what to do with the rest of it.
Oh gosh, nothing could be further from the truth.
I'll tell you something else. I'm happy.
I'm on vacation with my girlfriend, Claire - a woman who, by all conventional measures, is "perfect" for me. And yet I've just had a vivid, sexual dream about someone who differs from her entirely. It's a woman named Lana...
All right, listen, ladies, we've got about an hour to go. I would like to have a little quiet, I'm going to turn on some music.
Good morning, all.
Hello... kiddo.
If they had, would I be wearing this shirt three days in a row? Huh, fat chance.
By all means.
Very good! Thank you very much, well done.
Thank you.
Right.
OK.
Yes, she is, isn't she? Oh, excuse me?
Do you think we could have another picture, of just the family?
Thank you.
Oh, very much so, but there may come a time when... say, she isn't.
Thank you again.
Niles, listen, I didn't want to say anything in front of the others, but I find myself in a bit of a quandary. Well, it's not so much a quandary, really, it's more of, uh, a pickle. Well, not so much a pickle, but well, but, no more than a, a... a cornichon.
I think I want to be with Lana, not Claire.
I know, I know. I'm having a perfectly wonderful time with Claire, it's just that my mind keeps drifting back to Lana.
Yes, yes, but she's also challenging, and sexy, and exciting. I'm just afraid I may have let go of that too hastily.
You're right, Niles. Thank you. Yes, I should just go with it. Gosh, I don't know what's wrong with me. I don't know why I keep insisting on overanalyzing everything.
But what about Lana?
Dad, I am not a lobster. Of course I'm going to stay with Claire. I was just going through some momentary doubts, and I needed your guidance.
Thank you. I feel completely at ease now. No more doubts, no more nagging questions. I'm just being a little overly cautious, that's all.
It's true. But you see, I don't want to feel like I'm leading her on. Maybe I should just tell her what I'm going through. You know, be completely honest.
So, you vote for Claire?
Oh well, Roz, I see you've met Island Niles. At least he did you the courtesy of putting a shirt on.
May I have a latte, please? Well, Roz, you'll be pleased to know I have come to a decision: Claire it is; So long, Lana!
Trust me, Roz. The brain is racked, the soul is searched, the window is closed. Claire in, Lana out.
Yes.
Lana, uh, hi, uh... hello.
Not as great as you do. I mean, thanks.
So, what brings you here?
Oh!
Right.
Oh, no, I-I won't. Uh, don't you be a stranger, either. To me.
What, that? Oh, that was nothing. It's just, she merely caught me off guard. Don't go reading anything into that.
Oh, alright.
My suitcase is inside this to keep it safe?
That is not my bag.
Time is irrelevant here in the Seventh Circle of Hell – a place where even despair dies. Prepare yourself for a lifetime...
Oh, well, how nice for you.
Oh, it's always nice to meet a fan.
Well, this isn't really a good time.
I'm sorry.
I'm listening.
Of course you do! And no matter how hard you try to focus on this new relationship, your mind keeps drifting back to her.
Dreams!
Well, what are you thinking of doing?
Who you thought was so perfect for you.
That's the conundrum!
Especially when the rest of the family just loved her.
Alright, stick with me, stick with me. It all boils down to this: which of these two women do you see spending the rest of your life with?
Wait, wait! Let's go back! Just so I'm sure you're sure-
Who are you picking?
No, well, to be fair, you have struggled with these issues.
Hello, all. Oh, Niles, welcome back.
Claire.
Uh, no. They didn't have it. Uh, could I see you in the kitchen for a minute?
Well, it's-it's not so good, I'm afraid. Uh, I realize this is sudden. It's just that I've been tossing and turning for the last several days, and I just can't keep going like this.
Well, Claire, I'm talking about... parting ways. I'm sorry.
Claire, I realize how painful this must be for you.
Ow! You kicked me!
I said I was sorry!
OW!
We broke up.
Well, I broke up with her.
I have not!
Look, I was just being true to my feelings, Dad. There's no reason to be mad at me.
Well, I'm sorry, Dad. Claire's great, it's just she's not the right person for me. Daphne knows! Will you tell him?
OW! Would you people stop doing that!
I sense a scholar in our midst! Ha-ha, congratulations, Kirby! Let's see the sheepskin!
Good thinking. I'll just, uh, see what your mother's doing.
You know, I'm having a devil of a time with this cheese can.
Mmm, well, I can honestly say that is the best canned cheese I've ever had. Lana, listen, there's something I'd like to talk with you about.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry, it's just I-
She's a perfectly wonderful girl-
Really? I thought you'd be mad at me.
So, we're OK?
Right. Better than OK.
Oh. Oh no, Roz. Uh...
Well, those things rarely do, Kirby.
My God, this is the competition? Dr. Zach? Please! It's nothing but suggestive, smarmy sleaze.
Roz! You know what, I tell you what, I give this guy four, five weeks, tops.
Stop it! So, well... all right, he's the new flavor of the month. We've seen them come and go before. Dr. Mary, Professor Hugs, "On the Couch With Jeff and Lars."
Cut it out, Roz!
You know what, actually we have done theme shows. You know, I still get letters about the show we did on existential angst!
I get them at home.
Oh, absolutely not. My show is fine the way it is. What it needs is a little more support from this station. How about some advertising?
Right, right. Well, then how about airing some more promos on my lead-in? I mean, they get a sizable audience.
You mean I'm their lead-in now?
Go ahead, Garth. I'm listening.
Ah, good morning, all. Dear God. Do you believe this? A full-page ad!
Yes. As if some air-brushed picture of a pretty boy has anything to do with effective therapy!
All right! You know, that's the reason I keep losing to him in the ratings. His station keeps flooding the marketplace with this useless tripe! It's my turn now. I'm going to call my agent. Let her earn her ten percent. Tell you what, once Bebe gets through with the station, my face will be splattered all over this city!
Yes, well, Bebe's evil, but she's my evil.
It is not petty. It's about getting my due as a respected member of this community, and as a titan of Seattle radio psychiatry! Ha-ha! Yeah, you're not so pretty with a mustache and a hairy mole now, are ya?
Thank you, Bebe, thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
Well, uh, actually KACL is not doing all it should to promote my show.
Thank you, Bebe, I knew I could count on you.
What do you mean?
Oh, I like the sound of that!
We've met. Several hundred times. This is your assistant.
She brings me coffee.
We've met!
I'm sorry, but you've never gotten my coffee right.
Yes, I have, every time.
Yes, yes, that's good to know.
All right! Bebe, what's going on here? Are you fobbing me off?
Really?
Dr. Zach! What is he doing here?
For God's sake, Bebe!
Bebe, how could you? I feel so betrayed.
You know, I see what's going on here. You're trying to pass me off to your assistant so that you can devote all your attention to your new number one client!
Then let him have the junior agent.
Yes.
Bebe... throughout our relationship, I have put up with a lot. But I never doubted for an instant your devotion to my career. Apparently, that is at an end. And so, therefore, is my association with this agency. And, screw, may I add, YOU!
We have met!
I didn't miss her. I was hiding in the stairwell until she left. And Portia is not my new agent. She's Bebe's minion! Her little winged monkey! The woman has been hounding me - you know, I had to turn off my cell phone. God only knows how she got the new number.
I don't care if she is, it'll be a cold day in hell before I go back to Bebe's agency.
I don't see any muffins.
Don't worry, Dad, there will be muffins a-plenty. Now that I am agent-less, the word will spread like wildfire! You be prepared for this phone to start ringing right off the hook!
I didn't mean literally.
Yes, yes, yes. The truth is, I'm excited. I'm excited about having a new agent, I'm excited about being excited about my career again!
And so it begins. The sharks smell Crane in the water. Let's just see which one of them's hungriest, shall we? Hello? Yes, could you hold on for just one moment, please? It's for you, Dad.
I'm telling you that most problems are resolved...
And I know it's never easy, Rachel, but you and your husband won't get anywhere until you confront your problems head-on. We'll be right back, Seattle, after the news.
I won't have to, Roz, as soon as I have a new agent. Have there been any calls?
What? What the hell is going on? Surely someone would be interested in representing me. I still have a viable career, even if, arguably, it may or may not be going through what might be perceived by some as a... tiny lull.
Portia, I'm sure you're a lovely person, and I applaud your effort to find a new career - but not at the expense of my own.
Nor will I. How can I make this any clearer to you? You are not my agent. You're not going to be my agent. Not now, not ever. So go practice on someone else's time, and leave me alone.
Don't worry, Roz, I'll be okay.
I'd rather have no agent at all, than let Bebe win! You know, that's not such a bad idea. I don't need an agent, I can represent myself! I mean, I have some insight into the human mind. I think that would be helpful in negotiations. My God, I should have thought of this sooner! Just think the money I could save!
No! That was just an emotional response to an unruly cowlick.
Well, for one, I'll do what Bebe couldn't do: I'll get Kenny to boost the advertising budget for our show.
Yes, that was Dr. Frasier Crane asking. Now, it's Agent Crane - licensed to charm.
No! Will you believe this guy? No, Kenny, listen, I've been thinking. You know, I think it's high time that you and I got together outside of the workplace. So, there's a little club downtown that I go to. How would you like to join me tomorrow for a little... uh, a little massage, and a little steam, huh? What do you say?
Kenny, hah! It-it's not that kind club.
It's an athletic club, with squash courts and a swimming pool.
So, what'd you think?
Steam!
You know, speaking of advertising, I think our recent dip in the ratings is due to a lack of advertising.
Portia, what the hell are you doing here? This is a private club and a men's locker room, get out!
Look, I told you, I'm not interested.
She is not my agent!
Kenny, look, I apologize for this. Portia, you're leaving!
Hey!
Kenny, I take offense!
I've always thought that!
I'm starving!
Wow! That was my very first locker room pep talk!
She took your pants, you know!
Oh, great.
Thank you. Yes, he's working the early shift today, so we're going to have a dinner together this evening.
Yes, with Roger. You mentioned that.
Yes, you did.
Check.
Dad, Hi! Yeah, listen, um, I've made our reservation for... Sorry, Roz.
Yes, hello, is Martin Crane there, please? Dad, Hi! I made a reservation for, uh, 7:30, so I'll pick you up around 7:15, all right? Oh. Oh dear. Hey, you know what? Why don't I stop by with a pizza? Okay, great. I'll see you then. Bye.
Hang on a second, Dad. I've got to get a pen. I'll write that down. I'm sorry, Roz.
Hey, Mister, pizza delivery!
Prosciutto and Fontina.
Where?
I'd love to meet him.
Uh, I-I'm sorry, no. No, thank you.
Very interesting. Yes, um... Ah, there it is. UCB industries.
Yes.
I do.
I can't believe the way that guy talked to you!
But he has no right to do that!
All right. I'll see you there.
Don't you mean congratulations?
An hour ago. Don't they ever CC you guys on this stuff?
Well, I'll tell you, Niles, I stood there, slack-jawed, as Dad was reprimanded like an errant child!
I mean, after all, this is a man who served his country in Korea, who had a distinguished career as a detective, and yet he is being treated the way you would treat a grocery store bag boy!
Oh, don't you play coy with me just because Daphne's here. I have seen you when your avocados are packed under your ice cream.
Dad.
So, Dad, did you speak with your supervisor?
Oh, come on, Dad, after the way that man eviscerated you?
You're a tough guy yourself. Why didn't you set him straight?
So you're just going to sit there and take it?
You know, I'll bet the owner of the company would like to know how this Rich is behaving.
Nepotism, huh? Golly, this problem just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
Dad!
Look, you've got to have at least some kind of plan to deal with this guy.
Oh, yes, yes.
Mr. Kechner, nice to meet you. Please sit down. Would you like some coffee?
I'd like to thank you for meeting me like this.
I'm sorry, but I'm not actually... in the market for security services.
Yes, I can see how that may have been misleading. I, um... I wanted to meet you in person because I have a...a matter of some delicacy to discuss with you. You see, my father works for your company, and I understand your father does as well
Well, it seems that... your dad has been picking on my dad.
Well, perhaps you don't know your dad as well as you think you do. I saw the whole thing.
No, no. I can assure you that your dad started it.
My father fought in Korea.
Now, Charlie, I'm sure a man of your inspired leadership has resolved conflicts between employees before.
It's that kind of enlightened management that has made the name Kechner synonymous with security.
Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, and if you don't mind, could we keep this meeting between us? I'd hate to have my father think that I went behind his back.
If you're implying what I think you are, Mr. Kechner, I hope, for your sake, you brought some brochures. Please...
What? And leave Daphne?
Niles, I can't. I'm meeting Dad here in a few minutes. His schedule's been so topsy-turvy lately, I haven't seen him in days.
Well, yes, yes, but I believe we'll be hearing some good news on that front. No thanks to you.
Let's just say I took appropriate action.
I'm sorry, Niles, but if you had seen the way this man treated Dad, you would have done the same thing.
Thank you.
All right, what are you on about now?
That's Sanchez, my bodyguard. It's only on a trial basis. It's a long story.
Dad! How are you doing?
You haven't had a day off in a week!
Dad, I'm so sorry.
Dad, that's a horrible idea. You can't run away from these kinds of problems. I mean, it only encourages the torment. Where are you going?
Well, I'm trying to help you decide what to do.
All right. My plan backfired. I guess there's only one option left.
All right, two options. I've got to go to the source this time and speak directly to Rich.
He needs to know that Dad is not the one who complained about him. All right, I'll tell you what, Niles, why don't you come with me? The two of us can help him together.
Well he's not even here! I can't believe this. I mean, after the way he came down on Dad for doing the very same thing. I tell you, Niles, I am not by nature a violent man, but I swear, if I have to, I will page Sanchez.
Yes, yes, you're right. I came here to talk to the man. Still the blood runs hot!
That's him! That's him!
No, Niles, I came down here to stand up to that man. The time for running away has passed. Dad's here! Oh, God, we can't let him see us! Come on!
Well, Dad says he makes his rounds every 20 minutes. We'll just wait till the next one and then slip out then.
No, but I guarantee you Rich is being a jerk. You know, I wish Dad would just tell this guy off.
Oh, I don't know. But it'd make me feel a lot better.
To some extent. All right, to a great extent. It's just that all our lives, Dad's been the guy in charge. I just hate to see him powerless like this.
That's true.
You're a grown man. You're still scared of him, too.
Shut up!
Yes.
Ammonia.
Oh, for God's sake, Niles, get up, there's plenty of air!
Hello?
Dad, hi!
I'm in a very quiet restaurant. Yes, I'll have the pan- seared ahi with the ginger-mushroom cream sauce, and-and for a starter, I'd like the sesame-tempura string beans.
Shut up!
Sorry about that, Dad!
So, Dad, when are you starting your rounds?
Tough break.
Come back here! You know very well I can't get out! Cam: Oh,
Dad, I am an orator. It is not only that which
"You and me", Dad. Martin: [sotto
Yes, well it is, except that, well I think
Well, there has been
You know, I have an idea: let's have a toast. Simon: Well,
I gave the greatest speech of my condo board career, which led to a vote, which led to a ruling that Cam Winston must now park that SUV monstrosity of his in the subbasement!
Cam Winston!
I can't sleep. Every time I look outside, I feel like I'm living inside a giant clown's pocket. I tell you, Cam Winston has not heard the last of this. I am calling an emergency meeting of the condo board tomorrow morning!
I'm not attacking the flag, Cam is using the flag to attack me!
Yes, but-but the building has bylaws about this sort of thing. If this was anything but the American flag, people would demand that it be taken down!
Oh, really? Well, if he's so smart and you're so smart, why don't you two live together?
What on earth do you think you're doing?!
I'm sorry, miss, but we are not entertaining guests this evening. You'll have to leave.
I've just about had it with you, Simon. You have blown my speakers, clogged my Jacuzzi, and you have ingested half of my bath products! You are no longer welcome in my home.
GET OUT!
Oh, he'll land on his feet. Probably end up shacking up with some two-bit floozy!
Yes. It's almost dawn's early light, and our flag is still there. Daphne! As a subject of the British realm, does it make you feel uncomfortable to have your residence draped in the American flag? And if so, would you be willing to say that at a condo board meeting?
Off I go.
All right, what do you want?
You'll make all this stop?
All right, suggest the roof! I'll even spring for the flagpole.
Oh, all right, I'll see you next week.
Whatever you want, Kenny, the answer is no.
“KACL Psychographics.”
All right, let's see. Gil's average listener is a woman, mid-30's, well-educated, hmmm... What about my average listener. Who is she?
Oh, and Roz, it seems a number of listeners think you're a man.
I'm sorry the-the station spent its money on this nonsense, but this research is patently absurd.
Well, I thought we upped the advertising budget for that very reason.
I'm sorry, Kenny. I've done that show before, I'm not doing it again.
My show is fine. That so-called research is nothing but a bunch of... confounded correlations and mediocre deductions.
Yes, as a matter of fact I am.
What's your name?
Fine, I'll meet the kids.
We are not skipping out on work.
Kirby, we don't work the same hours that you do. We're done for the day.
Kirby, I think it's time for you to straighten up. You show up late every day. You are inattentive, and you have a bad attitude. How do you expect to thrive in this job or any other job? I am this close to giving you a lecture!
Listen, Kenny, I'm actually just on my way out. Perhaps I could meet this young lady tomorrow at the station?
Really? Well, gosh, I would hate to appear standoffish. After all, the young lady has built up a certain image of me in her mind, and that shouldn't be crushed certainly.
Hello, Emily.
Well, technically, I haven't agreed to do it yet. You see, I had a rather bad experience on Teen Scene the last time.
Well, uh, no, actually I'm not.
Really.
A boon.
Do you really think so?
Well, then, consider it granted. I'm sure we'll have a splendid time.
Who knows, I may even learn something from you.
Ah, Niles.
Jimmy Ray!
Thank you, Emily. I didn't mean to go on like that, but... the wound is still raw.
Hello, Kirby.
You know, Emily, I was thinking that perhaps after the show I could invite you and your friends to a... a cheeseburger or some such.
Oh, yes. Thank you, Emily. You know I asked for one a little while ago, but it never showed up.
Oh.
Andy.
Yes, well... likewise, I look forward to some intergenerational byplay.
Uh, by the way, Andy, are you going to be smoking all night?
Thank you. What does that mean exactly?
Trent.
Likewise. Hello, Ryan.
Ah, right. You know, you may be surprised to learn that it was not so very many years ago when I myself occupied those tough years 'twixt 12 and 20.
I suppose it has something to do with the fact that I am a good listener and have a friendly voice, and I also try to pass along some real psychological insight and advice.
Yes, well if I believe there's a real problem than I usually refer the caller...
Excuse me?!
Should it?
Andy, isn't it about time for a commercial break?
Splendid.
Again, I freely admit that I assisted my ex-wife in psychological experiments on lab animals. However, at that time, putting a pair of sunglasses on a monkey did not constitute cruelty!
You know I scarcely see how this line of questioning about my personal life can benefit your listeners!
Oh... I understand. This isn't about me at all. You see, Your combative line of questioning is completely age- appropriate. The challenging of authority, the zeal for truth...
Thanks for the update!
Absolutely. I didn't fully appreciate the hard-hitting nature or your journalism, but I... I think I know how to handle it now.
I believe we were discussing my competence as a mental health professional. And though it is true that I have suffered several emotional setbacks in my life, if we are to be honest... haven't we all?
Perhaps I can better illustrate my point by reading from a Poem entitled, "An Onion for Trisha."
"My heart is like an onion, filled with layers tears. Why, oh, why did you leave me, Trisha?"
Ooh, Trent, tough blow! Yes, it seems that youthful relationships are fraught with emotional hazards. Especially in the case of a – a young woman who finds her first love at Math Camp.
Yes, Ryan. Or as the boys on the swim team call you...
As a matter of fact, I believe I do.
In short, caller, there is nothing wrong with you, and you're not going to get sick. But remember, the more frequently you do it, the less special it becomes.
I hope that answers your question.
Thanks, kids, I had fun!
I'm not exactly proud of myself, Kirby.
Well said, Kirby. And thank you for helping me out. By the way, how did you dig up all that stuff?
Ah.
I'd like that very much.
Niles, are you sure you want to do this without Daphne? You know, when Lilith and I got engaged, she insisted on being involved with the ring selection process.
Niles, prepare to relinquish your breath.
That one right there.
All right, all right, which one do you like?
I think it's a good thing I'm here to talk you out of it.
I think it's a...
I mean, REALLY! To just assume something like that, out of the blue...
And just what is that supposed to...?
What bejeweled seraph has escaped her provenance now?
Now, I have several candidates, Niles, but before you turn up your nose at this...
The very one I was going to show you.
Classic...
Do you know her ring size?
Nothing, it's just my back. It's been acting up a bit in the last week.
No, no, here's the ring, I'll just stay down here for a moment.
Does it fit? Oh, here, let me help. No, come on. Oh, Niles.
Excellent. Nice bite, smooth oaky blend.
Not yet.
To agree to take Daphne's mother out while you propose to her? DRUNK, Niles.
Dad, what was the name of that widow you dated several years ago?
Not yet.
I love this story.
What? I've never heard this version.
Well, what was it that finally convinced her to say "Yes"?
Well, come on, Dad, what Marty Crane magic did you weave to get her to change her mind?
Oh, dear God!
Niles, how can you change the subject after this bombshell?
You knew?
Oh, go ahead.
Dad, you know we were just talking about the fact that I was a, a guest at your wedding?
Well, it's just the least bit startling and I have always respected you and Mother and the decisions that you made throughout your lifetime, but this information does beg one question. Dad, am I...?
Oh, thank heavens!
Excuse me, Mr. Puck?
Go! God speed!
I thought doves might be a nice addition.
Shh, shh, everyone! Very quietly, I have an announcement to make. I'm terribly sorry, but tonight's festivities have been indefinitely postponed, due to illness.
Yes, you still get paid. Now, I need all of you to file, quickly and quietly, out the front door. It is imperative that the young lady not know any of you were ever here.
Hit the dirt!
Our topic today has been honesty--the courage to face each other with the plain truth. I've certainly enjoyed myself these last few hours, I hope you have too. This is Dr. Frasier Crane, wishing you good mental health.
Well, that was a dog of a show.
Blaine Sternin! Call him back, tell him I'd dead!
Yes, he's Lilith's half-brother, the curse of the family! What does it say when Lilith is the good one?
Well, of course he sounded charming. Charm is the viscous grease with which he oils his flim-flam machine! The man will say anything to get what he wants!
The only reason he'd be contacting me is to separate me from my money. The man is always coming with some sucker's sob story, while he's busy living the high life in Laughlin, Nevada! You know, he once stole from me a very precious antique: my 18th Century English salt server.
Oh, dear God.
This number he left... it's local. The beast walks among us.
Don't answer the front door or the phone. Lock all the windows. Blaine Sternin is in Seattle!
The very same!
What could he possibly be sending me? Daphne, you've got longer nails than I have.
Very well, all right.
Well, what do you know? It's my salt server.
Would you look at this beautiful gilding, and the exquisite but playful scrollwork.
Oh yes, of course. Thank you, Niles. "Frasier, I apologize for any trouble I've caused, and hope you'll forgive me." He must think I've got turnips growing out of my ears! He's after something!
So much for living in a security building!
Daphne, let me acquaint you with the curriculum vitae Mr. Blaine Sternin--or "Brad Cunningham," as he's known in Maine, "Royce Thibideaux" in Loo-siana, and "Santana De La Cruz," the pride of Albuquerque, New Mexico! This is a man who once made a living selling rare autographs, until it was discovered that Madame Curie and Sugar Ray Robinson had the same handwriting. And would you care to see the deed to my 50,000-acre kelp farm?
It wasn't my intellect that he preyed upon, Daphne. It was my kind and generous heart. Well, not this time. This time I will make it a stone.
He may come swaggering in here, but I assure you, he will go slinking out with his tail between his legs! All right, Blaine...!
Hello, Blaine. A wheelchair? Nice touch.
Bravo, Blaine! This is the best one yet! But you forget with whom you're dealing. I've seen it all.
Which means that somewhere, someone is missing a wheelchair!
Good idea.
She says she doesn't know, but hopes so.
You'd have to get up for that.
Come on, that is nothing but a cheap parlor trick!
No, no, that's enough, Dad! All right, Blaine, let's cut to the chase. What's it going to cost me to get you out of here?
Oh, this just gets better and better.
What genius! The Lord--a credible partner who doesn't take a cut!
Oh, Daphne, please! You have no idea what this man is capable of-
Well, you've just witnessed the first step in the Blaine Sternin long con. He sets you up, sucks you in, and then bam! Kelp futures.
Oh, don't be a sucker, Niles! Dad, you're not buying any this medicine show, are you?
Daphne, you left him alone in the kitchen? My sub-zero's probably on the way to a chop shop right now!
All right, Blaine, I've had enough. Get out.
Salt server.
You what?!
Really? If you wanted to give something back, you'd be mopping a soup kitchen, or reading to bedridden vets, or traveling to the Galapagos Islands to clean oil off some poor sea fowl, then maybe you'd have some credibility!
If I forgive you, will you leave and never return?
Very well. I grant you this boon, and I forgive you, now get out.
Yes, yes, and then you cured him, let's eat.
Well, that's true. I have found in my research with addictive personalities that... oh, for God's sake, what the hell am I doing? There probably is no kid anyway!
Ready.
I'll give you fifty bucks if you can name three of them!
Here you go, two twenties and a ten. Tell you what, I'll spot you John.
Amen.
You know, even worse than the godless are those who would use God for their own gain. They are the true hypocrites, who should burn in the fiery hell for all eternity!
Oh, I'm sorry, did you think that was directed at you?
A-ha! The other shoe comes cascading from the sky! One thousand dollars, you say? Well, you're not getting it out of me, you born-again Bilko! Didn't I tell you?
He says, "the Lord will provide" the money. But we all know who that means--me!
And?
Oh, Daphne, Niles.
What nitwit gave him a thousand dollars?
Oh, Daphne...
I can't believe Daphne got snowed by that crook. Now I've got to expose Blaine for the charlatan that he is. What was the name of that doctor he said treated him in Laughlin?
Shouldn't be too hard to find. Laughlin, Nevada. Dr. Kagan. I'm being connected.
Niles, this is about the truth. Yes, hello? Uh, yes, Dr. Kagan, please. Busy? Too busy to talk with Dr. Frasier Crane, from ze Nobel Prize Committee?
Come on, little sheep. Come on into this nice little pen.
I just can't stand to see people get fleeced. I have left half a dozen messages for this so-called doctor of his. I'll tell you what, the guy comes back with a different excuse every time why he can't come to the phone. Niles, I tell you, there is no such man as this Dr. Kagan. He doesn't exist!
BAAAAAAA! Have you people lost your senses? Do you hear yourselves? This is no man of God! He's a huckster!
This charade has got to stop right now! I will not allow these good people to be bamboozled!
I am no such thing! I will prove once and for all that this man is a fraud! See for yourselves!
No, no, no, don't help him! That's enough of this, Blaine! Get up! GET UP!
What?! ...Yes, Dr. Kagan. Yes, I did. Uh-huh... uh-huh... For life. I see, thank you. Well, it seems an apology is in order. Please, help me get this man back into his chair. And I will match all contributions to this man's ministry here today, dollar for dollar! You want fulfillment, you want inner peace, this is your man right here: Blaine Sternin! Come on, dig deep! Brother Niles, you've been richly blessed!
It's my pleasure to do it. Blaine, there's something I'd like you to have.
Blaine, you are welcome in my home any time.
Right. You are indeed a "holy roller."
Well, there was a lesson learned.
Well, I guess I just needed a reminder that people really are capable of change.
He said that, did he?
BLAAA-INE!!!
Hello, all!
Oh, yes, well I'll have to deal with that tomorrow, Roz, I've got to be across town in half an hour. I'm previewing a new Benjamin Locklear exhibit and then I'm having dinner with the artist afterward. Promises to be a very exciting evening!
Well, I'm going alone.
Well, don't be. Truth is, I'm a pretty terrific date. I know when to arrive, I know when to call it a night, and frankly, I always leave myself wanting more.
Well, it's a lovely little bookstore, Niles, but I hardly see how it's worth driving all the way across town. Doesn't seem to have much of a selection.
Oh, that's admirable.
Well, of course, although I'm a bit surprised. You always considered yourself the more well-versed.
I've waited since third grade to hear you say that!
Hmm...
That's good thinking.
Ah.
Very well.
You're certain?
Here we are. Plato's Republic. Can't say I agree with everything in there, but it's a place to start.
Good heavens, Niles, what am I, your lackey?
Fine.
Here you go. Pristine condition.
You know, while we're here, I'd like to try to find a book on the early British monarchy. I've recently read The Isles: A History, and they didn't go into as much detail as I might have liked about the Plantagenets.
Well, um, yes, all right, all right, I'll be right back.
Ah, excuse me. Um, do you happen to have a book on the Plantagenets?
Never mind.
Finding dunderheads, yes.
All right, um...
Niles, we just got here! You're acting very strangely.
What the hell is wrong with you?
There's a footstool in the Shakespeare section. Why don't you just go have a seat for a minute?
Right, yes, of course.
Hello.
Not really, no.
Oh, I have Book-Lover's Discount.
Independent Booksellers?
Uh, Bibliophiles? Dewey Decimal Discount? Dust Jacket Gang?
$25? For a little card?
Very well. How much will I save today?
What? What kind of a Ponzi scheme are you operating here?
I would like to speak with the store owner please.
I'm going to give the owner a piece of my mind.
Yes, you do, you're getting the book!
You're getting the book and a discount!
Over my protest!
All right, all right. You know, by the way, you have an alphabetical misfile, but I'm not telling you where!
Come on in! Roz has told me all about you.
Oh.
Just a bit, yes, Roz. Um, I'll just go put this in the kitchen. Why don't you ladies make yourselves comfortable?
Would anyone care for some wine?
Sometimes you have to know when to put a cork in it. So Roz, where's Roger?
Roz, go make your call, all right?
Here we are.
I'm glad she did. I actually fancy myself a bit of collector. I'd love to see it.
Of course.
Oh, boy. Well that is interesting, it's quite remarkable, really!
Wonderful texture...and these blues...so much sadness.
Yes, and your elongated figures are actually reminiscent of Modigliani.
Quite possibly, yes. I see you're also a fan of Benjamin Locklear.
Benjamin Locklear. He has a show...
Well, maybe you haven't seen his latest work. You see, I was just in attendance at his most recent opening. I purchased a fantastic piece myself. Here, let me show you. Hmm?
Yes, it's magnificent, isn't it. You know, I'm thinking of putting it in my bedroom to set off the duvet.
That's quite an accusation.
I consider myself a member of the art community. All I've heard is good things...
You know what. You're right. Maybe he did copy you. Maybe he got his inspiration one evening when he was out bowling a few frames!
It's a duvet and you're delusional!
Forger!
She is crazy! That's how it's going.
What the hell was that supposed to mean?
I let Roz set me up on a blind date with one of her friends.
Well, there's pie.
Yeah.
Key Lime.
I brought you a fork, Dad.
I wish I'd never let Roz set me up on that date.
Dad, Dad. You're not proposing another blind date?
I am not interested.
Dad...
A young lawyer, you say?
Sure.
You know, I don't think I've ever really been here before, but it does have a nice sort of neighborhood feel to it.
Ah. So my dad tells me that you're a lawyer.
Oh. Well, that's admirable. Thank you. Of course, you know, paradoxically, you'll have to pass the bar if you expect to pass the bar.
So, uh, what did my dad tell you about me?
Really?
Well, thank you.
So you, uh, you know him?
Nice to meet you.
Well, uh, actually...
So, uh, how do you know Kris?
No, I really don't!
So, you've known Kris a long time.
I'm her date.
Excuse me.
Hello. Oh, Dad. Yeah...Oh, yeah, she's very pretty, and, uh, and nice. A little too nice, perhaps.
You know, Kris, maybe we should cancel our plans for tonight.
Well, you're having such a good time with your crowd here.
Well, I guess I could ask the bartender for some change.
Thanks for the tip.
Hi, uh, can you give me change for a dollar.
It's for Kris.
Thank you.
Excuse me, you only gave me three quarters and a nickel.
Oh, that's very kind of you.
Thanks. Um, say, uh, don't you have a coat? It's kind of cold outside.
Did you put seltzer on it?
You know a lot of people mistakenly use...
No. No, and it attracts bees.
Well, I'm not exactly certain that it attracts bees, but, I mean, um, it does make sense, doesn't it?
Oh...say, uh, do you play pool?
Neither do I. Hi, my name is Frasier.
Lilian, the next time your perfectionist tendencies drive you to distraction, just remember this quotation from Henry James: "Excellence does not require perfection."
Or is it "demand"? Hmm... "require", "demand" "Excellence does not require perfection." "Excellence does not demand perfection."
Of course not, Roz! Shush! "Excellence"..."demand", "require", "demand", "require"...Oohh! Or is it "mandate"?
Oh, well, it doesn't really matter, anyway, does it? Meantime, Seattle, this is Doctor Frasier Crane, wishing you good day OH! It's "require", it is "require"! And good mental health.
Roz, it's not a spelling bee, it's the National Championship.
Actually, she's not coming in, she'll be watching the competition ion from home. Her victory dance at the state finals earned her a long overdue suspension. So, what is this anyway?
Oh, so that's where it all started.
I'm sorry, Roz. I know it didn't bring you that kind of luck.
Because that would be one tired penny.
Eddie Crane, from Seattle, your word is "woof".
Very good. Frederick Crane, from Massachusetts, your word is "onomatopoeia"
Wrong. Where are your knees? I want to see spelling knees.
The last thing I want is you passing out on stage because of locked knees.
She went down like a sack of hammers. All right now, go to the hallway mirror and look at your form.
Dad, Freddie really wants to win this competition, I'm doing my best to help him.
I told him he could bring his clarinet! All right, I'll talk to him.
Good boy. Frederick, have a seat for a minute. There's something I want to tell you.
Listen, I don't want you to get consumed by this spelling bee thing, all right? It's not important if you're a good speller or the best speller. The important thing is that you have fun. Okay?
What's that?
Oh, Niles.
Listen, I'm afraid I've got some bad news. I could only get two tickets for the spelling bee competition tomorrow.
Son, as good as I was, my spelling couldn't compare with Niles'. He was right up there with the likes of William Karek from Akron, and that Peterson girl from Omaha.
He didn't even try to spell it. He just stood there for a moment, then turned and walked off the stage.
So long, home school.
Freddie, you're doing great, son, great!
Dad! Don't stereotype!
Don't let her distract you with her wiles, Son. There'll be plenty of women once you win this thing, all right? Okay, now, you were a little wobbly on that last word. Just remember, when the root word is Greek, the "uh" sound is made with the letter "Y".
So far, all the sneaky ones have had Greek roots.
Oh...
Oh, hi.
Oh, nice to meet you. Frasier Crane, I'm Frederick's dad. You've got a great little speller there.
Uh-huh.
Well, thanks for the tip.
Yes, yes all of that.
Sure, sure. Endurance?
Won't be long now.
THAT is your spelling stance working for you. Bend at the knees - spell with ease.
Daphne, he's the best speller in the country.
Yes.
Oh, that's right!
You know, I have no idea where ESPN is.
Thanks Dad.
Oh, well, actually, Roz, I never even gave it to him. See, with all of Freddie's hard work and dedication, inspired coaching...he had no need for your superstitious talisman.
Oh, well, what a surprise, please come in. Everyone, this is Doctor Bernard Gaston from the spelling bee.
Lovely of you to join us in our little celebration. Can I get you some refreshment?
Whoever the culprit is, we have no wish to soil this noble event by filing a formal protest. We're certainly happy with the way things turned out.
I don't know what kind of a sick joke you're playing, but my son is no cheater!
What sort of an anomaly?
I did no such thing!
Well, if I did, it certainly wasn't a conscious act. It was like singing along at a concert. You know, I remember being admonished by the ushers for joining in a particularly intense performance of Das Lieb und der Uder!
Great news! I have just spoken to a lawyer who believes we have a case against the spelling bee officials. Isn't that great?
Frederick, look, I know how upset you are. I'm so sorry. Frederick, aren't you going to say something?
You're a bigger man than I am.
I've really done it this time, haven't I? I feel terrible. He just hates me.
Still, he knows that if I made a mistake it was only because I wanted him to win so badly.
True. Spent six months working on that project.
I suppose you're right. Three perfectly good chairs in my room, you had to sit on my hybrid orchid.
Ah, here we are.
Never mind her, Freddie. It's her problem, not yours. You didn't do anything wrong.
What the hell is that supposed to mean? "Irregularities"?
No feelings at all.
I did not "get caught".
And you never shut up!
What's going on?
Is this true?
You were defending me?
Freddie, I want you to apologize to Warren right now.
I am NOT a cheater! You are a thief. My son is the true champion.
Freddie...
What's the matter, John? You scared?
To the streets!
Sudden death, Scrips-Howard rules!
He's right, Son, let's go home.
There he is, Niles. That's our Yorick.
Exactly what I was thinking. Now get up there.
Because I'm the director, that's why.
Come on! Just get up there.
Knock it off!
Ow!
No!
You cracked my skull!
Yes, may I get a double latte please, one shot of decaf espresso, one shot of regular espresso, with some steamed low-fat milk and some non-fat foam?
He didn't even blink an eye. The man's unflappable.
Truly this is a golden age.
No, but it doesn't surprise me. That whole area's undergoing what they call a "revitalization." Of course, they'll probably just tear it down and put up a Bennetton, or Bath & Body Works, or Sunglass Hut.
I do too.
You mean as a rental property?
Daphne's mother, perhaps?
You know, Niles, we could open it up to the general public.
A freshly-baked scone...
It could pay for itself...
Oh Roz, listen to this!
That's all right. Here, have a seat.
Oh...
Or take the wheel out at night.
A few bad apples? Daphne, they spread a disease that nearly wiped out half the population of Europe!
Yes, but the point is-
Probably because he can get fifty times what he paid for it.
Oh, Mr. Lasskopf! So good to see you again, it's been a long time.
Yes.
Oh Niles, do you remember doing our homework up here at the dining room table?
And Mom's roll-top desk on this wall over here.
And you in your shawl-collar sweater, hammering away at the keys of that old Royal typewriter.
Oh, Niles! Do you remember? Here's the window we used to sneak out of after curfew.
Sure, Dad, we, uh, we used to go out and, uh, chase the girls, and, uh, get a drink or two.
Hmm?
You think Dad wants to hear that? Throw the guy a bone.
You know, Niles, you're right. It's not big enough for a bed-and-breakfast.
Yes... Niles?
Didn't we stash a memory box underneath one of these floorboards right around here?
I thought you took it! Do you suppose it's still here?
Mr. Lasskopf, uh, would you mind if my brother and I had a look underneath one of the floorboards here? You see, we left a sort of time capsule underneath there.
Well, couldn't we just check?
Mr. Lasskopf, I assure you, my brother and I give tomfoolery no quarter! We never have!
Thank you, Niles. Like riding a bicycle.
All right, let's just find our memory box and get the hell out of here. I think it's around... here somewhere.
See if I can get this in here...
All right, reach your hand in there and see what you can find.
Maybe they're just down-on-their-luck show rats!
Don't ask me, you're marrying her. All right, I'll do it.
Well, I don't know, hang on a minute. Hang on - wait, wait, wait!
I've got, I've got - there's something... here it is.
Oh my God, Niles! Look...
It certainly feels real.
How the hell should I know? I wonder who it could be?
Excellent hypotheses, Niles. But unfortunately, neither is plausible.
Because, Niles, when you die, your head doesn't pop off like a champagne cork! It remains attached to the spine. And look here, Niles. The temporal bone has been fractured... as if struck by a blunt object.
Violent, yes. But an accident?
Murder most foul.
One thing is certain: someone is very dead.
No, no, no, hang on a minute, Niles! I mean, this skull's been underneath there for a long time now, what's another hour going to hurt? Niles, we have a real Crane Boys Mystery here. Why don't we see if we can dig up a few more clues?
Here.
Correct. Can we establish motive?
Correct. Can we establish opportunity?
Whose indeed? It would have to be someone who's had access to this house over the years.
And of course what would you and I be doing with a human skull?
Oh wait, Niles! Oh, dear God, we're idiots.
Niles, use your brain! Think back... to elementary school.
Oh, don't you remember? That was about the time when...
Mrs. Lasskopf disappeared.
Yes, and then suddenly she stopped coming around.
Did they? Or did he split her up? Cutting off her head and hands, so that the body couldn't be identified by dental records or fingerprints!
All right, not so fast, Niles. Are you forgetting Item One from "Top Truths for Teen Sleuths: A Crane Boys' Mysteries Workbork"?
Yes, exactly! The only evidence we have is the skull. Niles... hand me those tools. Unless I miss my guess, this floor isn't done talking!
Niles, you'll never guess what I just found in the...! Niles, where are you?!
Why that rock instead of all the other rocks down there?
Drop the rock, Niles. The garage has given up something far more interesting.
Take a look at this financial statement.
Yes, and it was just before the time they asked us to leave.
Bravo, Niles! But no! Insurance is messy. They always require a body and a death certificate before they'll pay off. And messier still, he would have had to kill her, conceal the body, get rid of us, and then bring the body back here.
Exactly! Her parents die, and leave everything to her. Which means that now the Lasskopfs want for nothing, but she's the provider.
Desperately!
And so, he hatches a plan. "Darling, why don't we evict the Cranes? We don't need their rent money anymore."
And so, out go the Cranes, and the house is empty. "Darling, why don't we go see in what condition the Cranes have left the house, hmm?"
So... in they stroll - he with murderous intent, she with nary an inkling of the tragedy about to befall her.
He pretends to inspect the house... "Darling, why what's this mark over here on the wall?"
"There, look." "Closer, closer..." And as she leans in... he does her in!
Yes! We have a victim, we have a motive, and we have evidence for both!
Niles, don't you remember? As in many a Crane Boys case, the absence of a weapon does not mean the absence of a crime! Perhaps he pushed her down the stairs, as in "The Case of the Unhappy Landing!"
Mmm. Well, then we can rename it once we have them published.
Are you kidding? Once this hits the papers?!
Yes, it is, Officer.
I'll bet you thought nobody ever would, didn't you?
That's enough questions out of you! I think this officer here has a few questions he'd like to ask you himself.
Nice work, men. Well, Niles, another Crane Boys Mystery solved.
Oh, oh, we almost forgot our memory box. You know, we never even looked inside.
Oh Niles, look.
I'd totally forgotten about that!
You know, Niles... we may owe Mr. Lasskopf an apology.
Well, I was his, uh, tutor.
It was a pleasure really. So you're Kirby's dad? Lana's ex who ran off with the dental hygienist.
Yes, well, I was a shoulder for her briefly. You know, I think she's completely over you now.
Listen, Bob, I-I don't think that's a very good idea.
Yes, I know, I... Oh, Roz! Roz, listen, I'd like you to meet, uh, Bob. Bob, this is Roz Doyle, the brilliant producer of my radio show.
Of course, beauty and brains, huh? Ha, ha. Who said God doesn't give with both hands, huh? And, Roz, I believe, if I'm not mistaken you're, uh, available right now?
Well, there goes that. You gave it your best try Bob. In the words of Tennyson... Bob? Damn.
I know, I'm sorry Roz. I was desperate. For God's sake, I just ended things with Claire and now I'm here to pursue Lana and then he shows up. Everything's ruined!
I know you must be upset, Kirby.
I know.
I wish I could help.
Oh, I, I don't think I'm the guy for that job.
No, I can't.
Well, Bob's left. Are you all right?
But you're... you're much stronger now. It'd take a lot more than just showing up to change your mind.
No, he can't.
Well, it would take work...a lot of work. Think about it, Lana. You could have a whole new life now.
Well... the truth is... that you wouldn't be having this crisis if you didn't still have feelings for Bob. You should talk to him. You owe it to yourself to hear him out.
Don't... Don't use the F-word.
Have you all gone deaf? Isn't someone going to answer that?
Hello?... Claire!... I did not call you, you called me! I did not! I did not! I did...
What was that all about?
Oh, I think she's going back with her ex-husband. He showed up at the party, and I ended up counseling her to give him a second chance. It was the noble thing to do... although my honor won't keep me warm at night.
Dear God! I will choke on another platitude! Please! Can't you say something helpful for once?!
"Every time I can't make it work with a woman"?!
Is that so?! Do you all feel this way?
I see. My own family has turned on me in my darkest hour! After a day of personal torment, I stagger homeward chapfallen...
...in search of comfort in the bosom of my family, but do they indulge me and permit me to suckle? No, instead they...
Well, I've said my piece.
Hello? Yes, hi, Niles. Listen, I'm fine, actually. I, I just need a little time alone. I'll, I'll see you in a day or two. No, there's no need to put Dad on. He's already "consoled" me enough as it is.
"Every time I can't make it work with a woman"! What the hell does he know?
Yes, he is! It wasn't that I couldn't make it work with Lana. I simply stepped aside when the father of her children showed up, like the decent human being I am.
And why would that be? Lana could've been perfect for me.
No!
Claire was perfect. I just wasn't in love with her. The heart has a mind of its own, they say.
Oh, please! I have never found neediness to be an attractive quality in a woman!
Never! Neediness was the very reason it didn't work with Diane! Specifically her need... for another man.
I do not.
Perhaps you represent a happier time in my life.
That didn't work either.
Right, that was you.
I don't know and I don't care. Now if you don't mind, I'd like a little peace.
Oh, dear God, not her!
I was 20! That was during my impulsive, rebellious phase.
She's not a part of who I am anymore!
Apparently, I do.
NO!!
The Bangladesh part's coming.
Oh... Solitude. This is what I needed!
All right, all right. This has been a lot of fun, but what's it going to take to get you people out of my head?
Fine! I'm a failure in love. I failed with all of you. I failed with Lana and with Claire, and with countless others in between. Happy?
Perhaps there is no core. Maybe fate's just conspiring against me. Did you ever think of that?
Hmm?
Yes. You did! You left me for Sam.
That's right! You all did.
I'm sorry. It's stuck in my head.
MOTHER!
What are you doing here?
Lilith, will you please be quiet! Mother is speaking!
I don't want to!
I don't know. Leave me alone! I don't want to do this!
It's every woman I've ever dated!
What am I going to do?
Okay... Okay. Fine. All right. I screwed things up with Lana. But wait, that wasn't my fault. She was still in love with her ex-husband.
Oh, mother, you would say that. You never approved of any of my relationships.
What does that mean?
No, no, no. I left Claire because I discovered I had feelings for Lana.
Yes, but I didn't need an excuse. I didn't love her!
All right, you're saying that I'm afraid of a good woman?
So that's it... all this work, just to find out that I have a fear of rejection?
So I'm alone... because I'm afraid to be alone?!
All right, wait a minute!
That's it! That's my problem. You are always there. I have carried you with me throughout every relationship, on every date. You pick apart every woman I care about and you remind me how much it'll hurt if I open myself up. You don't help me. You hold me back. How will I ever move forward if I don't put you behind me...?
Oh.
Hi, guys.
Actually, I'm-I'm fine, Daphne. In fact, my little retreat was just what this doctor ordered. I cleared my head. Came to some conclusions. So where are you guys off to?
No thanks, you guys go ahead.
Ah, yes, I'll be just fine.
No, really Dad, I'm fine.
Yes. In fact, I'm...I'm better than I've been in quite some time. Mainly because of one very important thing I learned...
Well, Joe has found the source of the leak in my ceiling. It is Cam Winston's brand new washing machine! By God, for this time he's gone too far! As if his noise and noxious presence at the condo board meetings weren't bad enough. Have you ever heard of anything more...fury inspiring!
First of all, I had completely forgotten about the hookup. Second of all, I believe the homburg is poised for a comeback, and third, we have a more immediate problem, in the form of the evil waters of Cam Winston!
Wrong! We've got to teach Cam a lesson and shut his water off right now!
Well, I could compensate you for your pains.
Perhaps this will help persuade you?
I'm sorry, I'd love to stay and gawk, but I'm at war! Come, Joe.
Hello, Dad. Oh, Dr. Winston.
Oh, well, thank you, Dr. Winston. Nice seeing you again.
What was that about?
Social! Dear God, don't tell me that you and that scoundrel's mother...
Yes, all the pieces suddenly fit.
It's a bill from Cam. Apparently turning off his water has ruined the clothes that were in his washing machine. Those clothes were already ruined just by being on Cam Winston!
The battle is joined. I will not let that--that Mata Hari drag you into this. From this day forward, no more Winstons in this, my house!
Dad!
Dr. Winston. I see you've checked the mail already.
Daphne! Daphne! Daphne!!
Dr. Winston!
Yes. Good morning. How did this... How did you... sleep?
Good-bye. Nice to see you.
What the hell is going on?!
Dad, are you crazy? She's a Winston! She's probably just leading you on so she can break your heart! That's exactly the kind of thing Cam would do to hurt me.
I'm just a little surprised. I didn't realize things were going so fast.
What does that mean?!
Dad, now you're just provoking me, aren't you? Dad? Dad! Are you?
Theeeere you are.
What is the meaning of this? Where is his mate?
My favorite pair of socks reduced to a single argyle! Nor is this the only example. The keen observer yesterday would have noticed that I left the apartment wearing two shades of black! Explanation, please!
I see. But if we had our own washer-dryer, there would be no more lost socks. I will not be strong- armed by threats against my laundry!
I don't have any pinks.
I'm fine.
It's just that they put soy milk in my latte. I don't like soy milk. If it doesn't come from a teat or an udder, it isn't milk. Oh, terrific. Here comes Niles on his fabulous "showing up Frasier" contraption. All he wants is attention, so don't give him any!
You know, I think I've seen just about enough. Free food and drink, just because you showed them something new. I'll tell you what. Let's all paint our bottoms and run to the sandwich shop!
If I'm grumpy, it's because of Cam Winston. Do you realize that Dad and Cam's mother are dating?
Mmm... Excuse me, can I please get another cup of coffee? No soy milk this time.
No, I'm just afraid he's going to get hurt.
I am nice! Cam's insufferable.
That's good, Roz. Seize the high ground. You know, I'll offer Cam an apology and he'll be trumped. Hello? Cam! I was just about to call you. A truce, you say? I'm sorry, I can't hear you. You're break... up! I'm afraid my bat... is low on pow-
Son of a bitch is trying to steal my high ground!
Spare me your honey-glazed pleasantries, Cam. I am here to roll up my sleeves and end our feud.
Just for the record, it was my idea to apologize first.
That, sir, is a fraction of the story. Since you moved into this building, you have encroached upon my parking space, you have undermined my position with the condo board, and you killed a magnificent Virginia Creeper.
I thought it was marijuana!
Well, I'm sure I wouldn't know.
Agreed, agreed. I guess we'll never really see eye to eye, but I am resolved to put aside our differences for the sake of our parents.
Downstairs watching Court TV.
Now, you see, there you go again. I lower my guard and you slap me in the face.
Well done. And in the same spirit of hatchet-burying, I agree to pay for your ruined clothes. Cheers.
You want to switch, don't you?
Indeed. Well, I would prefer to put aside that explosive issue until we're sure the truce will hold.
Unless you're willing to agree on some sort of noise abatement framework. You see, you have a unique sliding gait, Cam. When you wear your heeled boots, the resultant shh-clop, shh-clop, shh-clop... well, it just sounds like a dancing pony in my apartment.
Good. Thank you.
I think we were closer on an earlier draft.
On the contrary. Cam and I are here to announce the cessation of all hostilities between us. We are officially friends.
Well, yes, as a matter of fact, I did. It represents a great triumph for me. You see, I snatched it from under the nose of another collector who had actually put a...
Well, I suppose.
Oh. Then you don't have a standing order? Well, we'd better hurry, then. We'll take my car.
What, your Humvee? I think not.
Despite your healthy teen skepticism, Jeremy, problems that seem crushing now can actually serve to shape your life in positive ways later on.
No, well, I'll tell you what, perhaps I can convince you with a story. I recall a young man who suffered from involuntary bedwetting until he was twelve years old. Or was it thirteen? Boy, you'd think I'd remember, I slept in the lower bunk. The point is, it was very difficult for him, what with the alarms, and the bladder stretching exercises and the incessant teasing he suffered once his schoolmates found out.
The point I'm trying to make here is that this man today is a prominent and respected psychiatrist. And you see, his affliction served to make him stronger, more empathic, and extremely hygenic. So, hang in there, Jeremy.
Thank you. And thank you, listeners. This is Dr. Frasier Crane saying good day and good mental health.
Oh, Roz, pay attention! That was Niles, not me. You know, I've got to run. I'm still putting the finishing touches on my speech for the Boston conference.
Yes. As a matter of fact, Niles will be introducing me on "Notes for a Critical Approach to Radio As Mediating Gateway in the Process of Psychological Demystification".
It promises to be a fun family weekend for all, actually. So what have you got planned for the weekend?
Oh, I suppose you'll be sharing the secret handshake, doing skits, that sort of thing.
Say no more, Roz. No.
Look, I'm sorry, Roz, it's just the idea of strangers in my apartment. I couldn't sleep.
No apologies necessary. Oh, oh, Roz, that reminds me: since you're going to be walking Eddie for Dad anyway, I wrote down a list of a couple of other things you can do for me.
Yes, and oh, please, don't forget to mist my bedroom with rose water. It likes it best at dusk.
Oh, I love returning to Boston. There's just something in the air.
Oh, Niles, please, will you just let it go? I didn't mention your name.
But only to someone who knows that you're my brother. And who would that be?
All right, Dad.
Oh, Niles, you can't be serious.
Cliff Clavin!
Good to see you. Say hello to the family. This is my brother Niles Crane.
His fiancee Daphne Moon.
And this is my dad, Martin Crane.
Well, actually...
Well, yes. Surprise.
At Cheers?
Oh.
Oh, Niles, you saw how thrilled he was, I couldn't say no. Besides, it'll be a chance for me to see my old friends again. I mean, these people are an important part of my past. They were there for me when I needed friends most.
Oh, that should be plenty.
Ha, hello, everybody!
Carla, you haven't changed a bit. This is my family.
No thanks.
Paul, how ya doing?
Hey Norm, how ya doin'?
Yeah, yeah, say hi to my brother Niles and his fiancee Daphne Moon and that's my Dad there, Martin Crane.
Yes, Vera is Norm's much storied wife.
Right.
So, Carla, how've you been?
Carla was never really a fan of Cliff's.
Hmm? Oh, say, Cliff, where's your mom?
Hmm?
Oh, is it that time already?
Oh, Niles, don't worry about him, nobody takes him seriously.
I see. Well, um, is Dad ready to go?
Well, you know, it seems like everyone is having such a good time, why don't we just push the reservation back another half an hour?
Well, sure Paul! Better make it an hour.
Please hold our table, we'll be there in a half hour.
Cliff? Are you all right?
Sure they do.
"Big Shooter"?
Well, Cliff, you know it's entirely possible that your friends are suffering from a kind of separation anxiety. They may find it difficult to admit to themselves that you are actually leaving. You know, I could have a little talk with them if you'd like.
Sure!
Everybody, uh, listen up. Cliff is going through kind of a crisis about leaving.
All I'm saying is that it would go a long way toward helping him if you could just let him know how much you're going to miss him. Tell him, you know, how sad you are that he's leaving.
Surely you can come up with a few words to say, Norm.
Carla, we DO like him.
Carla? Don't you have a few words to say?
It's okay, Carla.
Carla!
Well, we've got dinner reservations...
Well, see you around, Big shooter.
Listen, I'm sorry that I ruined your evening.
Really? I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that. I knew that once you met these people you'd learn to love them as I do.
Are you certain?
So just remember, when you're standing there, that what you're going through...
Which brings me to a bit of news. Starting Monday, there will be a new addition to the Frasier Crane radio family: the city of Spokane.
In fact, KQZY is not only going to be carrying the show, but they've invited Roz and me to conduct Monday's broadcast from their studios in Spokane. But fret not, Seattle. Although my body will be 300 miles away, my heart will be firmly lodged in your radios. You know, that sounded a lot better this morning in the shower. Anyway, good day and good mental health.
Ah, I woke up late. So, Roz, what time do you want me to pick up you and Roger on Sunday?
Really? Well, nothing wrong, I hope.
Oh, Roz, I'm so sorry.
When did this happen.
Last week-?
I understand. You must be going through a lot right now. You know, back in private practice I used to tell my grief group...
Okay. Boy, what a surprise. No more Roger.
Yes, he had a rare kind of dignity and integrity you don't see much of nowadays. Especially among people who own a bench press. You know, I don't believe I've ever met anyone else with that combination of gentility and brute strength. Well, not anybody single, anyhow.
I'm not helping, am I?
Niles!
I thought you and Daphne were going out tonight.
You're in Armani, who could object?
Dad.
What is this?
Dad, I thought we had this discussion when you found that mattress on the side of the highway.
Dad, are you sure this is a good idea? Woodworking has never been your strength.
Even with directions, you could never assemble anything. I remember a play set where the slide ended right in front of the swings.
I know. Sorry.
No, no, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I am leaving for Spokane on Sunday, I will not be available.
Yes, well I have sponsors to meet, I have press interviews and photo sessions. Niles, this is a very big step in my career. If I can prove that my brand of radio travels well, perhaps I can parlay Spokane into Denver, Chicago... maybe even New York City.
It won't be so bad.
Well, at least I was being proactive. I recall you used to lock yourself in the bathroom to cry.
Say, Niles, why don't you just ask Daphne to fill in for you?
Well, why not? She's gonna owe you big time after dragging you to this banana event.
Oh, don't worry. I'll be able to get my message across. You see, I'm a bit of a puppeteer when it comes to the press.
Judging from the pillow wrinkles on your cheek, I'd say it was a nap situation.
Oh listen, let me introduce you to Herm Evans, the station manager here.
Right, right. Uh, Roz, listen. Sure you're up to this?
Well, it's been a tough time lately, you know, with the Roger situation.
You sure?
Because, believe me, I wouldn't blame you if you were struggling a little bit. I mean, believe me, my head would be filled with "what if's" and "if only's" and, God forbid, the looming question, "What if I'll never again have the chance..." Oh, here comes the press! All right, big smiles!
Thank you, thank you very much. I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce my lovely producing partner, Roz Doyle. I must say, I'm looking forward to becoming part of the radio landscape here in Spokane.
I'm sorry, who?
And I don't intend that they should. I don't want you to forget about anyone. I'm here to help people.
Oh, thank you. Thank you so much, Mr. Sullivan. And as someone who has served Spokane so well, your blessing is deeply appreciated.
I'm sorry, the Looff?
You know, this layout doesn't really allow us to do any call screening. Well, I guess you can still just check the sound levels.
Yes, all right, Roz.
Yeah, it's fine.
I said all right, Roz.
I read it. Everything from the adoring salute to Sully, to the cartoon of me and Satan doing a jig on Sully's coffin.
On the contrary, I intend to confront this situation head-on. I intend to reach out to the listeners, ease their suffering, and thereby demonstrate what we do best.
Hello, and welcome from Seattle to Spokane, this is the Frasier Crane Radio Network. We are broadcasting today from the Lilac City where we have just replaced a beloved local icon, Neal Sullivan. Now, Sully did a lot for this city and in my own way I hope to make the same kind of contribution that he did. With that in mind, let's go to the phones.
Go ahead, caller. I'm listening.
Now, now, people, I understand how you might be angry, and there's nothing wrong with venting that feeling, but please stay on the line long enough for me to respond. Go ahead, I'm listening.
Now people, please, we need to talk. We need to move forward. Otherwise, we're just going to be going around and around like the horses on the Looff!
All right, well, you know, perhaps our callers from Seattle could help show the new folds how it's done. I'm afraid we don't have any calls from Seattle. This is strange. Um... perhaps this would be a good time to go to a commercial break here on the Frasier Crane Radio Network.
I am not, they hate me.
Yes, well, where's my support? Where are the callers from Seattle?
I'm sure the people of Spokane would just get on board if they could get some understanding of what we actually do. We could use a... like an example. You know, a sample call.
Roz, please? I tell you what - just make up something, anything at all.
Hello, and welcome back to the Frasier Crane Show. We are broadcasting today from KQZY in beautiful Spokane. Let's go to the phones. Hello, caller. I'm listening.
What is it about the dark that frightens you?
Often a fear of darkness is a fear of the unknown. It is in darkness where our imaginations give shape to our deepest anxieties. What image comes to mind for you?
Nothing?
I see. And what is it about the emptiness that frightens you?
Have you always felt this way?
What was different then?
I'm so sorry. But listen to me. You can't blame yourself for letting someone into your heart. Love is always a risk. But you have to take it. The pain you're feeling now will pass in time, and you'll find yourself ready to take that risk again. Until then... take comfort in your friends. They want to help you. They love you.
You're welcome.
Okay, Spokane. Let's hear what you have to say. Go ahead, caller. I'm listening.
That's very kind of you. Go ahead, caller. I'm listening.
Hello, Carl.
Really? Well, then perhaps you could share your experience with us and possibly help Roberta and some of our other listeners.
Well, Carl, uh... these problems rarely resolve themselves. I realize that an honest conversation at this point may be a little daunting, but...
Thanks, Roz, I'll see you tomorrow.
No thanks, I can do it in the morning.
You don't want to go home, do you?
Well, I'll tell you what, Roz. Why don't you sit down and we'll shoot the breeze for a while.
They don't really say that, do they?
Well, you know, I-I could go with you.
Sure, for moral support.
I don't know. It just might be the perfect time for me to see a giant duck and a lot of cheese.
You want to watch some TV, maybe we can find a good movie?
Yeah. Women I date don't seem to know that.
Terrific. I'm the broccoli of dating.
Can I get you some coffee?
Right. So this is a little strange, huh?
Yeah.
Right, yeah, I'll get up.
Roz, you okay?
Maybe we should talk about this.
Let me walk you out.
Roz, maybe we could have dinner later.
No, no, I'm fine. A little strange, though, huh?
God, what have I done? What have I done? What have I done?
Morning, Dad.
Uh, no I haven't.
It's not what it looks like.
Oh, what do you mean "you know that?" Shows what you know, it's exactly what it looks like!
Well, anyway, it's none of your business, so I'm not discussing it with you. Oh, Dad, I've done a terrible thing.
Well, I-I don't even know how this happened. She was lonely. She probably thinks I took advantage of her, I mean, that's why she ran out of here. Do you think I did?
Well, you can't be serious, Dad! I mean, do you realize what this means? I have probably destroyed our friendship. Do you know what she'll see every time she looks at me?
Oh, dear God! I was going to say "someone who's betrayed her trust," but oh, dear God!
We're meeting for dinner tonight.
Yeah, you-you're probably right. I mean, we're adults. We can discuss this. We're going to be fine. Well, we'd better be. I told her I'd go to Wisconsin with her.
Whoa! Whoa! What are we talking about?
Hello? Roz, hi.
Yeah, hang on one sec.
She's fleeing the city, thank you.
She's going to Wisconsin without me. She's leaving immediately. I told you this was going to happen. Our friendship is in ruins.
What do you mean, "yeah?"
Hi, um, I'm looking for Roz Doyle.
Oh, well, it's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm afraid you've made a mistake, you see...
Hi, Roger... Hammerstein!
Oh, thank you.
Well, you know, I intend to do everything in my power to give her just that. I love Roz, and I intend to prove it to her. That's why I've come.
Roz...
Yeah, sweetheart, hi! I'd love that drink.
Oh, gosh, well, it's the cutest story. Oh, come on, honey, sit down.
Um, it all started when... Alice used to wave at me when I was driving my trash-collecting truck.
Oh, well, you know, it's funny, as well as Alice and I get along, she always mistakes me for Roz's boss. It's weird, isn't it?
Thank you.
Well, you know, actually, since I've met Roz, I don't get much time for golf.
Well, maybe with most men, but not with me. I mean, my spare time is precious, so I like to spend it with the people that I love, like Roz and Alice, and who knows, maybe someday some more little ones.
Especially if they look like this here.
You know, if I'd met this girl in the fifth grade, I wouldn't have dated anybody else. Gosh, can I get a copy of this for my desk at work?
Dashboard.
So this one's getting tired. She wants to turn around and head back up the beach, when finally she sees the blanket surrounded by candles, and the food and the wine that I had set up.
I just had to make sure we were okay.
Yeah, I know, and then you ran away.
I'm so sorry.
For that. For that evening. You were vulnerable, and I feel like I took advantage of you.
Now we've done it.
That's what I came here to ask you.
Hmm.
And this time?
Well, that's what people do when they care about someone.
Mind if I join you, Roz?
Ah. Afraid you'll fight?
I understand.
Roz, really, there's no need to do this.
Roz, please, there's no need to discuss it.
Glad to hear it.
Roz, please, there is no need to do that. All right, if you insist. Just remember that it was late at night and I am really more of a morning person.
Let's see. High marks for courtesy and neatness of appearance, that's good. You were served in a prompt and timely manner.
Now, I see here that you're not planning a return visit.
Well, that was very kind of you, Roz, thank you. Would you like me to fill one out for you?
Niles, are you and Daphne planning on having children?
No reason.
Oh, hi, Dad. How was work?
So, who was it?
Harry, let me get you a beer.
Oh, hi, Niles.
Chez Henri? Niles, they're booked up months in advance.
You should know better than that, Niles, I am NOT susceptible to flattery.
Thank you. I'll make a call.
Oh, Roz, Roz. I wanted to talk to you about this.
Yes, well, I was glancing at it. I couldn't help but notice the overall score you gave me: out of a possible five cups of coffee, it was a four.
It's a fine score. But it occurs to me that this presents an opportunity for me to learn something about my performance that might... benefit me. So, what might I have done to earn that elusive fifth cup?
Nonetheless, there is a theoretical fifth cup out there. Now, I'm going to put ego aside, this is all about self- improvement. My commitment to "sexcellence" if you will.
Oh, please Roz?
At the very end?
I know exactly what you mean.
Really? You didn't like that. Well maybe that's just your taste.
'Cause I've received high kudos for that in the past.
That's true.
I didn't hear that.
Well... I'm glad my woefully inadequate performance didn't distract you from your ecology lesson. Did Sting happen to mention anything about you shaving your legs? Because that's a rain forest that could use some pruning!
No, I'm not. You are, I'm not.
Oh, please! Would you?
Henri, you can't ban me from your bistro! It's my chez away from chez! ...Very well. Goodbye, Henri.
Hello.
Niles, I'm sorry things didn't work out.
Well, uh, Dad, why don't we go into your bedroom? I want to show you how to use the closed captioning on your TV so you won't have to have it up so loud at night.
Dad, what have I told you about bivouacking in the entrance way?
Well, how was your hunting trip?
Oh, dear. I guess that means for the next several weeks we'll hear you grouse about the grouse and carp about the carp.
Well, there was traffic!
Dad - sorry to hear your trip was a bust.
You don't work either!
What was that?
That! That's a cricket.
It must have stowed away in your gear; get rid of it!
I think it's coming from in here.
Dad has brought home a cricket!
Everybody freeze! Don't-move-a-muscle.
Well, I hope that cricket saw what I just did to this toasted almond!
I tell you, Roz, it was the worst night of my life. Just as I begin to doze off, the damned cricket would start strigilating again. Honestly, have you any idea what it's like to be awaken intermittently throughout an entire night?!
Yes, of course, but this constant chirping and chirping, over and over – really, you can't imagine it.
Gee, I wish I had a three-year-old so I could win every argument!
Oh, hi, Daph.
Yes, well, it's all right. They call it "Nervosa Berry," but I'm convinced it's just yesterday's banana. I have half a mind to have a discussion with someone about it.
Hm? Oh, more than most.
Oh, yes, yes, as a matter of fact it's quite common. You see, in a therapeutic setting a doctor's empathy can be misconstrued as romantic interest, especially when the patient is of a particularly vulnerable nature.
Well, they're not supposed to. But it does happen. Eh, well, I mean, think about it, really, it's... we are human. Transference can be very, very powerful. I remember back in my days of private practice, uh, I did have my share of female adulation.
I'm not a miracle worker, Roz!
I knew it! You smell it too! Excuse me. This day-old scone is fooling no-one. Don't you walk away from me. Don't you dare walk away from me.
Damn it!
Close my door?! And just concede defeat. I know, here's a better idea: I'll just move out and let him have the run the place! That's good, I'll have two apartments; One for me, one for my cricket! I tried closing my door, I can still hear it.
Dear God, can't you make him shut up?!
This is your fault! You're the one who brought him here.
Yes, well, I love a babbling brook too, but it doesn't mean I want one surging through my condo! I'm calling an exterminator.
All right, fine. You have twenty-four hours to get that intruder out of here or I'm calling, Eddie or no Eddie!
It taunts me!
I was trying to. I'm attempting to re-arrange my schedule. Apparently, His Royal Chirpy-ness is nocturnal, so I have to be as well.
What, we couldn't squash him with the shoes we already own?
Dad, I told you, it's a condo board regulation: no fruiting plants.
I see. So we set a lizard loose to catch the cricket?
Then what? We get an owl to eat the gecko?! Then we get a tiger to eat the owl? What eats the tiger, Dad, tell me that!
Oh, this just gets better and better.
Well, I used it to stabilize a veal shank. Why don't you just make a little harness out of, uh... the dental floss.
I wasn't serious... not my cinnamon waxed!
It's asleep, Dad.
Really, he hasn't twitched his tail for two minutes.
What-are-you-talking-about? A gecko's brain is, like, this big.
All right, fine. Where were we?
You cannot just blurt out “Ann Margaret” like that. I'm sorry, we can only take ten women to Love Island, all right? We have to put a little thought into this. I'll tell you who makes my list: that dark haired temptress who works at the bookstore.
You know her name?
All this time you've been going down there, I... I thought you belonged to some kind of book club.
That's fantastic!
Sure.
Ooh, Dad, Dad! He's making his move, I can feel him!
Right, I am doing...
Right.
Right.
I can't believe this worked. That was amazing!
Thanks, Dad.
Yes, yes, of course. Good job, well done.
I think we'll just let him keep it, all right?
There we go. In you go, little man. Congratulations. Well, that's it.
Gosh, even though I am savoring the newfound silence, I, uh, sort of miss the excitement of the hunt.
You know, Dad... Were you aware that the male cricket chirps in order to attract the female cricket?
Are you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
There might be more than one. I'd hate to go to bed and then have to get up again.
Release the gecko.
Hello, Tom. I'm listening.
All right, Tom, just calm down, let's work through this thing together, you and I. Are you in love with this girl?
Now remember, Tom, this is the person with whom you'll be spending the rest of your life. That is a long time.
Yes. In fact, getting married is probably the biggest decision you will ever make in your life. It requires time, temperance, and thought.
Tom, what's that music?
Wait, wait, wait, Tom, no!
Oh, dear. Well, if anyone out there happens to know Monica, just tell her to call in on Monday and I'll move her right to the head of the line. Um, meanwhile, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, saying good day, and good mental health.
Is everything OK?
So?
Kenny! Roz Doyle is no gofer, she is a producer. And if she should earn a promotion - which she richly deserves - it will be based on her merits as a producer!
Yes.
Oh, splendid! Well, let's just have a look here. "Congrats"? It's supposed to say, "Congratulations, Dad."
People have written the Declaration of Independence on a grain of rice!
Listen, my father's starting a new job this evening. This cake is meant to show him how proud we are, how much we care, and that we believe in him, all right? It has to be special.
We're also having ice cream, if you must know!
Thank you. Oh, wait! I haven't got half an hour to- Roz?
Oh, bless you. Oh, and listen, could you pick up some ice cream on your way over, too?
That's a love, bye!
Well, Dad! Very snappy.
Roz'll be bringing it by in a minute.
Don't toy with me, Niles!
Oh, Dad, it's an extraordinary technique where a single vocalist can actually produce two distinct tones simultaneously, allowing him to harmonize with himself!
If they shared a throat and came from Mongolia, yes. Niles, why aren't you going?
Billy Joel?!
Well, seeing as how you're otherwise occupied, I'll guess I'll try to just wrangle myself a date.
Yes, yes, of course, Dad, of course, Dad. Uh, well, you know, customarily this would fall under the description of, uh... Daphne's job.
Will you do it as a favor for me?
Oh, Niles, you know damn well their throats are just starting to warm up after two hours!
Dad, I'm sorry. Don't worry, we'll work this out, I promise.
Say, what about that nice Mrs. Curdsman who lives right across the hall?
There's got to be somebody on God's green earth that can walk this dog.
Yes. You know, Roz, we were just talking about you - say, listen, are you busy this evening?
Oh, that's terrific news! Well then, you won't mind coming by and walking Eddie about ten o'clock?
Would a senior producer walk a dog? Well, someone has got to walk this damn dog.
Are you people insane? How can paper beat a rock!
Good news, Dad! We worked it out.
Yes. Listen, Dad, I'm sorry. I hope our little tiff didn't spoil the occasion. We're all so proud of you, I want you to know that.
I am. I figured if I just take him out right now, I still have time to make it to the concert, and he'll be OK until I come back around midnight.
Well, can't his routine just bend a little?
Apparently, His Nibs will explode if he doesn't go out around ten!
Really?
But since you're free, Niles, I've got this extra ticket for the throat singing concert!
Well, then it's settled!
Oh, dear. All right, OK, OK, we will work this out, Dad.
All right, we're running out of time! I'll tell you what: I will offer a hundred dollars to anyone who is willing to walk this dog.
That's two hundred dollars! That's an awful lot of money, isn't it, Niles?
All just to walk a little dog!
Ow! For God's sake...
But, Dad...
We're sorry.
Cranberry muffin, please. And, uh... a vanilla latte.
Niles? Do you think I'm elitist?
No, not in the good way. At work today, I discovered an injurious graffito about me. Scrawled on the men's room wall.
Yes. Quote: There once was a man, Frasier Crane, Who says he can feel your pain. But he acts like a snob, To the guys at his job, And I think he's totally lame.
Niles, you're missing the point! I have always striven to be approachable, the embodiment of the words "If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue..."
Exactly!
Thank you. If maligner truly knew who I was, he'd have found that a more apt characterization than "snob."
What are the odds?
Well, Roz. I'd ask you to join us, but I see you've already had happy hour. Well, here, please, join us.
So?
All right, tell us about him.
What jokes? Why does everyone assume I look down on the common man?
Technically, that's really more about Roz. Now if I were to make a joke about him, which of course I wouldn't, I'd say he has a thing for Roz's can.
Yes, it's a bit on the nose.
Flowers from your new beau?
Must be nice to be liked.
People are making additions. Good lord, I've read anthologies with fewer contributing authors.
If only there were a solvent that could remove the stains they've left on my spirit.
Oh, yes, I know. Being written up on the bathroom wall is no big deal to you. But that limerick made a point, as all good limericks do. It seems to have resonated with everyone around here. I want these people to know the real Frasier Crane.
Yes. And to that end I was thinking along the lines of... oh, say a little party. For the entire staff, at my place. Hey, you could bring Roger!
Oh, come on, Roz. You're always saying you don't have a date for these things.
Who is? Come on, Roz, I'd like to meet him.
Does this have anything to do with his occupation, you know, his being a refuse collector?
Okay.
Yes, all right, fine, fine. If you change your mind, he's more than welcome. It promises to be a real wing-ding. If being a snob is the reputation I've built around here, then this party will be the wrecking ball of congeniality that tears it down.
Good to see you, glad you could come, make yourselves at home.
I wish I could, Dad. I don't know any of these people myself.
Well, it's my pleasure... man.
Actually, I did not.
Ah, right. You know, I think they prefer the term "challenged."
Roz, Roz! Come on in, Good to see you. And you must be Roger.
Lovely to meet you.
Right. Jason, this is Roger. Yeah, the ol' J-man here and I were just shootin' the breeze, ya know. This guy. Okay, so enjoy yourself there. So, Roz um... Roger, do you suppose I could borrow Roz for just one minute?
Thank you so much.
Roz, please, don't leave me alone here, I don't know any of these people's names.
Oh, look, look, he's already met Dad. He knows as many people as I do.
Well where the hell am I supposed to find another... ...Kenny!
Thanks. Glad you could come...
Dennis. You too...
Emily. Say, when are you expecting?
...this weather to change?
So, did you guys happen to see the game today?
Actually, it was a real squeaker. U-Dub pulled it out at the last second with a real clutch field goal. Say Dad, what's goin' on?
Right.
Goodbye.
I know that.
Dennis, Lisa. Hi. Patty, lookin' good.
Kill me.
Yes. And it's a living hell. I have spent the entire morning exchanging fake pleasantries with a bunch of people that I have absolutely nothing in common with. I miss being unapproachable.
Yes, but couldn't they have sent just one representative?
Roz?
Do you want to talk about it?
Roz, sounds to me like you're in love.
Well, then, you need to move on and realize that you've learned something about yourself.
No, no. Just that you have certain standards that it may be difficult for others to live up to. You know, Roz, it seems you and I are more alike than we thought.
Well, tell you what, we've got a few minutes before the show starts, just go clean yourself up.
Uh, my show, actually, in about two minutes. What can I do for you gentlemen?
Right. Well, as tempting as that sounds, I'm going to have to decline.
Well, actually, you won't. Jason, Noel... you there. I've been living a lie. Let me tell you a little something about a few things I don't like: Boxing for one. Sporting events of any kind. Barbecues, office parties, buddy movies. Any dish made with marshmallows. Things that I DO like: the opera, the symphony, Elizabethan revenge dramas et cetera. So, if you're not inclined toward any of these interests, well, then, our association can be civil at best. Are we all clear on this concept?
Oh, Daphne, come on! Huh? The theme this evening is to come dressed as your hero.
Sigmund Freud! Daphne, don't you think that bowl is a little bit small for a whole night of trick-or-treaters?
Why is that?
Poor Dad.
What?! I'm Old Man Crane? Good Lord, I have tousled every young head in this building from the laundry room to the rooftop.
How do you know all this?
That's absurd. How do children get such crazy ideas?
Hello...baseball man.
Well, of course. Joe DiMaggio was married to Marilyn Monroe... who was also married to Arthur Miller, the playwright who wrote Death of a Salesman, The Crucible, A View From the Bridge... you see, Dad, I know a lot more about baseball than you think.
Oh no, no Dad. It's actually much better. You see, I've devised some questions that we will answer as our heroes. What better way to learn about each other than to explore the personalities of those who most inspire us, huh?
You know, if this evening goes really well, I may consider marketing my little invention. It's a welcome change from those tiresome theme parties where someone gets murdered.
Hello? Gil. Good heavens, shouldn't you be on your way by now?...Well, yes, of course we'll be playing my little game. Oh. You don't sound sick...Oh, now I hear it. Oh, all right, feel better.
Yes. There must be something going around at the office.
Hi!
I see you've brought a little puppy.
That's strange. The children in our building haven't even started trick-or-treating.
Well, as you know, Roz, change can only occur after years of hard work und analysis.
Daphne, I must say, I hardly think of Elton John as an heroic figure.
Well, I must say I never thought about it that way, which is exactly the point of this evening. Thank you for putting so much thought into your costume rather than just throwing on something frivolous.
Oh, Roz, are you serious?
Your hero is Wonder Woman? You're supposed to come dressed as the person you most admire, whom you most wish to emulate. I'm not even sure you can do that to the flag!
Yes, and when you saw me dressed in a beard with a cigar, what "superhero" did you think I was, hmm?
Hello? Kenny...Gosh, don't you think you should have left by now?...Well, actually, you know, there have been a few cancellations, so that will allow us to delve even deeper into our psyches... Really, what kind of sick?... Oh, gosh, that sounds horrible...Yes, all right, well, um, take care. You know, we might be wise to take some echinacea.
Niles! What in the world?
Niles, I thought you were going to come as Carl Jung!
But the idea of this evening is to come as a classic hero, someone who truly inspires you. No offense, Dad. You know, someone of truly unquestioned greatness! Again, no offense, Dad.
Well, I guess we have a full complement. We may as well get on to the main event. Wonder Woman, Elton John, Martin Crane, Joe DiMaggio--I think you all know each other. Why don't you have a seat and we will proceed to a night of frivolity and enlightenment.
All right, then, let's dive into the question bowl. Now remember, our job is to answer these questions as the people we honor tonight.
Very amusing. Oh, yes, yes, I took the liberty of jotting down a few reminders and regulations for your edification.
Oh, Niles, you don't really have to drink that.
All right. Question number one. The inaugural question in the first game ever "Hero Worship." Copyright Frasier Crane, boilerplate, boilerplate. "As your hero, please share your reaction to the human genome project, not only as a scientific venture, but as a regulatory challenge to governments--foreign and domestic."
Oh, all right, all right. Maybe we'll just save that for the lightning round. Well...as your hero "describe the most significant relationship in your life."
I'll tell you what. I'll go first. So it is common for a parent to deeply impact the life of her child. Consider the exponential power that parent wields when she loves one of the children above the rest, singling him out as "My golden Sigi," and referring to him...
All right, very well. Now, in the first of many wrinkles, the game will proceed counterclockwise. Joe.
Yes, that's very good. I can't believe I'm saying this, but Wonder Woman, you're next.
That's because they're not connected! The song was written about Princess Diana, not Diana Prince!
It's not a coincidence at all! It's just two names that barely sound alike when one of them is pronounced in reverse order! Now, if we could just return to my game...
I think I know what my game's objectives are, and they do not include this nascent migraine! All right, Martin Crane. Why don't you tell us about your most significant relationship.
Niles, could I see you in the kitchen?
It's okay! Dad, can I see you in the kitchen please?
Martin Crane!!
It doesn't take Freud to see what's going on here.
Oh, your little ploy is working out brilliantly, isn't it? Not only have you stolen my thunder as host, you have also won the approval you so desperately crave from Dad.
Don't you turn this on me! I am perfectly comfortable in my relationship with Dad.
So that's it, then? The party's over?
You're not playing my game. This is chaos. We're just five people in costumes drinking.
Yeah, good idea, Dad. You've already ruined Halloween, why not ruin Christmas too?
Spoilsport? I haven't spoiled anything. I'm not the bad guy here.
Did that boy just steal your candy?
Tell me his name. I'll go speak to his parents for you.
Ah, it isn't easy having a brother, is it?
They can be selfish and thoughtless.
Butt-faces, yes. And butt-faces, too. But you know what might put things right?
The smallest pinch of fiberglass in his bed. It'll get under his skin. It'll itch for days with no clue how it got there. Have you seen those spare rolls of insulation they keep in the basement?
He stole your candy, didn't he? And embarassed you in front of your friends.
Seemed pretty bad a moment ago.
Still, the man stole your candy. And ruined your much- anticipated evening. Shouldn't there be repercussions?
Yes. I suppose I'm just having a bit of a temper tantrum, that's all.
Yup, see you later. Say, you know, maybe I'll go home too. If your brother doesn't give back your candy, you can always come trick-or- treating at my apartment. I got bags of the stuff. You can have all you want.
Apartment 1901.
Now, come on. If I really ate brains, children would be disappearing from the building all the time. You haven't noticed anything like that, have you?
That's because I don't eat brains. Not human brains, anyway. A nice fresh order of calf's brains in a beurre noir sauce, now that would be... I don't eat brains.
Hello, all.
I would like to apologize for my petulant departure. I just want us all to enjoy ourselves this evening. And Niles, I never should have questioned your motives for this wonderful tribute.
All right, Roz, since you misunderstood tonight's theme, tell you what, why don't you answer this question as your true hero, whomever that may be.
Roz, I never should have criticized you. I am terribly sorry. Thank you.
Niles, I believe that you're next.
Tell us about your hero's greatest disappointment.
That's why I didn't dress as you, Dad!
Niles, why don't you just go talk to him?
Oh, I wouldn't be so sure about that. He's not your hero for nothing.
But maybe you should talk to him as Niles.
Right.
I'm sorry.
Ow!
Ow! Stop it!
All right! You put too much spirit gum on it. You know, I'm going to need something to pry it off.
Oh, thanks, Daphne. All right now, come on, now, now hold still.
All right.
That's because you keep fighting me!
No, children, come back! I've got candy!!
I'm having breakfast with you. You do the math.
Oh, please. Thank you, Niles.
Eight years? Are you sure?
Please, Niles, I hardly think it's the same thing.
Oh, well now, I don't think that's-
All right...
Ha, ha!
Well, thanks for starting at the bottom and working your way up.
Dad...
I know, I know.
Nothing! What is wrong is subjecting me to the same shop- worn bellyaching every time you come in here.
It has been eight years of the same complaints about the same things in the same places. Honestly, sometimes I think he does it just to antagonize me.
And still get change back from the nickel! Will you just take your coffee?
Oh!
Pardon me, Niles, but there was a television program I planned on watching.
I'm watching "Lost on the Mountain."
Yes.
That's the search party.
Apparently you are. If you don't stop interrupting, I will be too.
Do you mind?
Oh, honestly, Dad! Is there nothing you can do that doesn't create some sort of cacophony?!
If you were considerate, you would have oiled that chair when it began squeaking five years ago!
I should go elsewhere? I? Just what do you suggest, that I find a documentary barn and watch it on their big screen? You know what, I am- I'm just going to go take a walk, all right, and leave you with the television. You enjoy yourself. Good day!
I wish you would stop hanging your coat on my peg!
What the hell's happened?
A little spill? I just this carpet cleaned!
Sure, Dad! "It was an accident."
Niles, you know as well as I do there are no accidents! Just admit it, Dad: your latent hostility toward me has been building through the years, little by little, until you've finally struck the Achilles Heel of my decor, the Berber carpet!
No? I suggest you dig deep into the twisted caves of your subconscious, where malicious acts abide, clothed in the robes of plausible excuses!
I don't think you know the difference!
I'm going up a shade... to "Harvest Wheat."
It used to be, but they've discovered a whole new color in between.
"and Buff."
Oh, she's out taking a walk with Dad. An extra-long walk. Things have been a little tense around here since the quote- unquote "accident."
Well, maybe. But don't you think the man should work on some of his unresolved anger toward me?
The man just brings such... hostility into the room! Thank you. You know, I've been thinking, of, uh... sending him someplace.
Like to live with you.
Oh, don't you start preaching to me about avoidance. You've been avoiding living with him for eight years.
And I refuse your refusal!
Smells like it.
And what is that supposed to mean?
Oh dear God! The chair!!
Here, Niles, Niles, hand me this drop cloth here, I'm going to smother it with it!
All right...
OH MY GOD!!!
What do we do?! What do we say?!
Yes, at least we have that! But how do we explain this?!
Right! Right! Rational!
Oh my God, did you feel that earthquake?!
Dad, I can explain!
I'm so sorry! Just hear me out...
Well, I didn't mean to!
It was an accident!
But clearly I was wrong! I mean, why on earth would I do such a thing?
Dad, I am so sorry, I didn't mean to! Please, forgive me! I'll buy you another chair-
No, please, Dad, look, I know you're angry right now, and that's normal. I'll tell you what, the healthiest thing you can do right now-
Shut my yap.
You see what I'm putting up with?
Me? He's the one who keeps insisting I was lashing out deliberately - which I was not, although God knows it would have been justified.
This is a lot deeper and a lot darker than oil, and you know it. The man will not get off my back.
Oh, please. Ever since our so-called anniversary, he keeps insisting on-
Well, I guess it just set me off. It was as though everyone was saying that the only significant relationship I'll ever have again is with my father.
Niles-
Niles-
We are not a couple!
All right. I think... that anniversary talk stirred up some issues for me. That our relationship is the only one I'll ever have. That for all intents and purposes... you are my significant other.
I didn't say it was your fault, Dad!
I'm just saying, that I-I've had a bit of a breakthrough.
I'll tell you what you can sit on...!
Allow me.
What's this?
Oh, Dad... I'm overwhelmed.
Oh... oh, how unexpected.
No, no, I-I do. It's just that-
It's divine.
There's just... one problem.
I know - I can set it on fire and throw it over the balcony.
I do, too, Niles, I do. I'm-I'm very touched, Dad. Thank you, thank you so much. Uh, it's just that... I had something else in mind. Uh-
Ah, good, gentlemen, come right in, please. Uh, just set it right over here.
No, just give me a chance here, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Yes, of course. Uh, in just a moment, please. Could you wait for me at the door? Thank you.
Everyone, I would like to introduce you to the newest member of our furniture family!
You can't find that, Dad - it doesn't exist anymore. Which is why I contacted a master builder, showed him some photographs, and had him duplicate it. As for the material, I tracked down the original manufacturer, and once I got them to admit they made it, I had them reweave it!
Yes - ironically, this is now the most expensive piece furniture in the entire apartment!
Well, that's a shame, because I was planning on taking us both out to dinner this evening, Dad - anywhere you'd like!
Even the steakhouse! Niles, Daphne, you're welcome to join us.
You know, I'll bet we can get free pie if we just tell them it's our anniversary!
Welcome back, Seattle. Thank you for joining us for this, our two thousandth show. Hard to believe, isn't it Roz?
Ah, yes, well what a festive day this is. No stop has been un-pulled. I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the anniversary luncheon spread supplied by our friends at Senor José Fong, home of the sweet and sour taco.
And don't forget, a little later, we'll have Microsoft chairman Bill Gates, live in studio to congratulate me on my two thousandth show. Apparently, I hear through the grapevine, he is a big fan. Roz, what do we have next?
Oh, well, I believe we're up to number four, as voted by you, the listeners. Here's what happened when a certain producer... didn't realize her microphone was on, during the show...
Ladies and gentlemen, it's our station manager, KACL’s own Kenny Daly.
By all means, let's bring him in, Kenny. Ladies and gentlemen, our special guest has finally arrived. Please welcome...
...Bulldog!
Well, ladies and gentlemen, it's our old friend and former colleague, Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe. Thanks for coming down and helping me celebrate my two thousandth show.
Bulldog, our special guest has arrived.
Bulldog! Would you and your noisemaker wait in Roz's booth?
Yes, I was referring to that flapping hole above your chin, now get out!
Ladies and gentlemen, let's please welcome Microsoft chairman Bill Gates. Good to see you, sir.
That's quite all right.
Yes.
Well, I've got so many questions to ask you, why don't we just dive right in? I've been wondering, when did you first become a fan of my show?
Yes, Roz, I won't be taking any calls until after Mr. Gates has left.
Well, go ahead, caller, you're on with Mr. Bill Gates.
I hope that answers your question, Warren...
Thank you for calling, Warren. Now, where were we?
Roz, I believe Mr. Gates is probably anxious to get on with the interview?
Very well. Go ahead, caller.
Can you believe that egomaniacal gasbag? He's taking over my show!
Two thousand shows.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Excuse me, could I see all of you in my room for just a jiff?
Okay, are we all here? Good.
Something is amiss.
Well it's not. It's a collection of all my shows. I was just examining my collection when I realized that someone had placed one of my tapes upside down.
All right, conceivably, but... I guarantee you I would never remove my tape from the case and replace it with "The Best of Hall and Oates." All right, I won't be mad, just tell me: who did this?
Nobody did this?
Not so fast, Dad. Okay, let's examine the evidence.
A Hall and Oates tape. That rules you out, Dad. And it definitely rules out Niles.
Or does it? Perhaps the tape is just a red herring, meant to throw me off the scent. A psychological game. There's only one of you that would combat me on that level.
Ah-ha!
Why'd you do it, Daphne?
Stand down, Niles.
Daphne, do you realize what you've done? This isn't like any other tape you can go down to your local music shop and purchase, it's unique. And irreplaceable.
Unless I get the station to make me another copy. Which of course I can. The only transgression here is that Daphne didn't come to me with the truth.
Well, if that's what you've learned, it was all worth it. So, what are we all sitting here for. I believe we all have a two thousandth show to celebrate.
So, did you all listen?
Oh, which one?
You know, in nine years this is the first time I've been down to the archives.
Really?
Whatever for?
Bulldog!
Bulldog, what the hell are you doing here?
Great, then. We're looking for a copy of my show, episode 893.
What?
Oh, thanks Roz, let's have a look. Ah, good.
There's just a few tapes in here. All right, keep looking.
Kenny, just the man I was looking for. Listen, where are all the tapes of my shows kept?
Yes!
Good afternoon, Seattle. Before we go to the phones, I have a boon to ask of you. If any of you happens to have in your possession a tape of my broadcast from June 14, 1996, I am in need of a copy. You see, I understand that from time to time, people who call into my show record it, perhaps in order to review my advice or even to play it for some friends. Now, I realize this is a bit of a long shot, but it is the only missing tape of my collection and therefore of course has great sentimental value. Thanks for your consideration. Now, Roz, who's our first caller?
Go ahead Joe, I'm listening.
Yes, yes?
Yes, and this relates to my missing tape how?
Yes, I'm sure you would, but unless it's about my missing tape, well then I would prefer to stick to calls about mental and emotional issues as usual. Thank you for your call. Who's our next caller, Roz?
Phyllis, go ahead, I'm listening.
Phyllis, all right. Hold on, hold on a minute! All right now, listen to me people. I don't want to turn this show into the lost and found bin of the airwaves. Phyllis, I'm going to let you finish your description of your cat and then we're going back to our regular show, all right?
Let's recap: in the last three hours, we have located a missing engagement ring, one lost cuff link, two missing cats, and we've actually reunited Eric from Belltown with his biological parents. Still, sadly, no sign of my missing tape. To that end, listeners, please scour you attics, basements, hope chests, whatever. Meantime, this is Doctor Frasier Crane wishing you good day and good mental health. And don't forget to look behind things.
Oh, that's all right, Roz. It'll turn up, I mean it's only the first day. Word'll get around, I'm sure somebody has that tape.
Well, if that's the case, then so be it. Life will go on.
Lovely. Daphne, could you make me a cup of tea, please, and whatever meal would be appropriate for this time of day?
No, thanks.
My car's in the shop.
What the hell is wrong with the two of you? You'd think I'd been found walking in the park in my underwear, talking to pigeons.
Listen, Niles, I appreciate your concern, I really do, but frankly I am in no mood to endure therapy with my younger brother, no matter how well-intentioned.
Once. When I had a date over. Proved a useful mood setter.
Don't know.
Because it's a collection, Niles. That's what a collection is.
It's, it's just a hobby. All right?
An eccentricity.
You know, it's a quirk. That's it, I'm quirky. I'm delightfully quirky.
Niles, I've just finished my two thousandth show. I'm exhausted, physically and emotionally. I believe that I am entitled to an entire weekend of doing nothing, don't you?
Another delightful quirk of mine.
Oh, uh, well, thanks, Dad. Yes, well, I'll tend to this by and by...
I'll put on some pants.
Hello.
You must be Tom.
You can call me Frasier.
Oh, Tom, this is my brother Niles.
Well, of course he doesn't mind. Actually, I've even brought along an eight by ten photo, personalized, of course.
Yes, I thought you might like that.
Why? Because he has a few pictures of me on his wall?
What is it with you? I'm obsessed, he's obsessed. I think you're the one who's obsessed with being obsessed.
Right, all right. Tom, I was just wondering, have you ever called into the show?
Yes, I'm sorry.
Oh, so, Tom. I take it you've been listening to the show for some time.
Good for you, Tom. So you could say that it's possible to have a passion for collecting without losing sight of your priorities.
You transcribe the show?
Listen, Tom, you know I must confess I'm a bit concerned. I'm delighted to have you as a fan, I really am. But the whole purpose of my show is to help people live better lives, and I'm afraid that I've hurt yours. I just... there should be more to life than... there should be more.
Yes, but as I've also said: Weave the tapestry of your life with many diverse threads.
Yes, thanks Tom. Look, I don't really want to talk you into anything, it seems I've done enough of that already. Thank you. Tom, what I'm getting at here is that I think there could be more to your life than just my tapes and pictures. Now, if you'd be interested in exploring those issues further, I can recommend someone who'd be glad to talk with you.
Thank you. Well, you know, I think it's time we got going.
Thank you, Tom, it was a pleasure.
You know, Tom, I'd like you to keep that.
If I ever need it, I'll know where to find it.
Actually, no I didn't.
Daphne, tonight I saw an example of how an obsession can take over a man's life. I don't want to be that man. Therefore I chose to leave it and render my collection imperfect. But that's all right, you see, I don't need things to be perfect.
Hello? Something's amiss.
My double-handled amphora! All right, no one leaves!
